{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Life, the Universe, and Everything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Douglas Adams\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 2\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Introduction\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The regular early morning yell of horror was the sound of Arthur Dent waking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up and suddenly remembering where he was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It wasn\'92t just that the cave was cold, it wasn\'92t just that it was damp and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 smelly. It was the fact that the cave was in the middle of Islington and there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wasn\'92t a bus due for two million years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Time is the worst place, so to speak, to get lost in, as Arthur Dent could\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 testify, having been lost in both time and space a good deal. At least being\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lost in space kept you busy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was stranded in prehistoric Earth as the result of a complex sequence of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 events which had involved him being alternately blown up and insulted in more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bizarre regions of the Galaxy than he ever dreamt existed, and though his life\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had now turned very, very, very quiet, he was still feeling jumpy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hadn\'92t been blown up now for five years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Since he had hardly seen anyone since he and Ford Prefect had parted com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pany four years previously, he hadn\'92t been insulted in all that time either.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Except just once.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It had happened on a spring evening about two years previously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was returning to his cave just a little after dusk when he became aware\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of lights flashing eerily through the clouds. He turned and stared, with hope\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly clambering through his heart. Rescue. Escape. The castaway\'92s im-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 possible dream - a ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And as he watched, as he stared in wonder and excitement, a long silver ship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 descended through the warm evening air, quietly, without fuss, its long legs\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unlocking in a smooth ballet of technology.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It alighted gently on the ground, and what little hum it had generated died\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 away, as if lulled by the evening calm.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A ramp extended itself.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Light streamed out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A tall figure appeared silhouetted in the hatchway. It walked down the ramp\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 3\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 4\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and stood in front of Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re a jerk, Dent,\'94 it said simply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was alien, very alien. It had a peculiar alien tallness, a peculiar alien\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flattened head, peculiar slitty little alien eyes, extravagantly draped golden\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ropes with a peculiarly alien collar design, and pale grey-green alien skin which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had about it that lustrous shine which most grey-green faces can only acquire\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with plenty of exercise and very expensive soap.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur boggled at it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It gazed levelly at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur\'92s first sensations of hope and trepidation had instantly been over-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 whelmed by astonishment, and all sorts of thoughts were battling for the use\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of his vocal chords at this moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Whh ...?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Bu ... hu ... uh ...\'94 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ru ... ra ... wah ... who?\'94 he managed finally to say and lapsed into a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 frantic kind of silence. He was feeling the effects of having not said anything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to anybody for as long as he could remember.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The alien creature frowned briefly and consulted what appeared to be some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 species of clipboard which he was holding in his thin and spindly alien hand.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur Dent?\'94 it said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur nodded helplessly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur Philip Dent?\'94 pursued the alien in a kind of efficient yap.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er ... er ... yes ... er ... er,\'94 confirmed Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re a jerk,\'94 repeated the alien, \'93a complete asshole.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The creature nodded to itself, made a peculiar alien tick on its clipboard and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 turned briskly back towards the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er ...\'94 said Arthur desperately, \'93er ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Don\'92t give me that!\'94 snapped the alien. It marched up the ramp, through\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the hatchway and disappeared into the ship. The ship sealed itself. It started\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to make a low throbbing hum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, hey!\'94 shouted Arthur, and started to run helplessly towards it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wait a minute!\'94 he called. \'93What is this? What? Wait a minute!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The ship rose, as if shedding its weight like a cloak to the ground, and hovered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 briefly. It swept strangely up into the evening sky. It passed up through the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clouds, illuminating them briefly, and then was gone, leaving Arthur alone in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 an immensity of land dancing a helplessly tiny little dance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 he screamed. \'93What? What? Hey, what? Come back here and say\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He jumped and danced until his legs trembled, and shouted till his lungs\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 5\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rasped. There was no answer from anyone. There was no one to hear him or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 speak to him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The alien ship was already thundering towards the upper reaches of the at-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mosphere, on its way out into the appalling void which separates the very few\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 things there are in the Universe from each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Its occupant, the alien with the expensive complexion, leaned back in its single\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seat. His name was Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged. He was a man with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a purpose. Not a very good purpose, as he would have been the first to admit,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but it was at least a purpose and it did at least keep him on the move.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged was -indeed, is - one of the Universe\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very small number of immortal beings.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Those who are born immortal instinctively know how to cope with it, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wowbagger was not one of them. Indeed he had come to hate them, the load\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of serene bastards. He had had his immortality thrust upon him by an un-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fortunate accident with an irrational particle accelerator, a liquid lunch and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a pair of rubber bands. The precise details of the accident are not important\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 because no one has ever managed to duplicate the exact circumstances under\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which it happened, and many people have ended up looking very silly, or dead,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or both, trying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wowbagger closed his eyes in a grim and weary expression, put some light jazz\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the ship\'92s stereo, and reflected that he could have made it if it hadn\'92t been\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for Sunday afternoons, he really could have done.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 To begin with it was fun, he had a ball, living dangerously, taking risks, clean-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing up on high-yield long-term investments, and just generally outliving the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hell out of everybody.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the end, it was the Sunday afternoons he couldn\'92t cope with, and that terri-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ble listlessness which starts to set in at about 2.55, when you know that you\'92ve\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had all the baths you can usefully have that day, that however hard you stare\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at any given paragraph in the papers you will never actually read it, or use\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the revolutionary new pruning technique it describes, and that as you stare\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at the clock the hands will move relentlessly on to four o\'92clock, and you will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 enter the long dark teatime of the soul.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So things began to pall for him. The merry smiles he used to wear at other\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 people\'92s funerals began to fade. He began to despise the Universe in general,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and everyone in it in particular.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This was the point at which he conceived his purpose, the thing which would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 drive him on, and which, as far as he could see, would drive him on forever. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was this.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He would insult the Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 That is, he would insult everybody in it. Individually, personally, one by one,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 6\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and (this was the thing he really decided to grit his teeth over) in alphabetical\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 order.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When people protested to him, as they sometimes had done, that the plan was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not merely misguided but actually impossible because of the number of people\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 being born and dying all the time, he would merely fix them with a steely look\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and say, \'93A man can dream can\'92t he?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And so he started out. He equipped a spaceship that was built to last with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 computer capable of handling all the data processing involved in keeping track\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the entire population of the known Universe and working out the horrifically\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 complicated routes involved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His ship fled through the inner orbits of the Sol star system, preparing to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 slingshot round the sun and fling itself out into interstellar space.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Computer,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Here,\'94 yippecl the computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where next?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Computing that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wowbagger gazed for a moment at the fantastic jewellery of the night, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 billions of tiny diamond worlds that dusted the infinite darkness with light.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Every one, every single one, was on his itinerary. Most of them he would be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 going to millions of times over.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He imagined for a moment his itinerary connecting up all the dots in the sky\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like a child\'92s numbered dots puzzle. He hoped that from some vantage point\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the Universe it might be seen to spell a very, very rude word.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The computer beeped tunelessly to indicate that it had finished its calcula-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Folfanga,\'94 it said. It beeped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fourth world of the Folfanga system,\'94 it continued. It beeped again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Estimated journey time, three weeks,\'94 it continued further. It beeped again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There to meet with a small slug,\'94 it beeped, \'93of the genus A- Rth-Urp-Hil-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ipdenu.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I believe,\'94 it added, after a slight pause during which it beeped, \'93that you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had decided to call it a brainless prat.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wowbagger grunted. He watched the majesty of creation outside his window\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for a moment or two.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think I\'92ll take a nap,\'94 he said, and then added, \'93what network areas are we\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 going to be passing through in the next few hours?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The computer beeped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Cosmovid, Thinkpix and Home Brain Box,\'94 it said, and beeped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Any movies I haven\'92t seen thirty thousand times already?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 7\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Uh.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There\'92s Angst in Space. You\'92ve only seen that thirty-three thousand five\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hundred and seventeen times.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wake me for the second reel.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The computer beeped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sleep well,\'94 it said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The ship fled on through the night.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Meanwhile, on Earth, it began to pour with rain and Arthur Dent sat in his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cave and had one of the most truly rotten evenings of his entire life, thinking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of things he could have said to the alien and swatting flies, who also had a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rotten evening.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The next day he made himself a pouch out of rabbit skin because he thought\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it would be useful to keep things in.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 1\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This morning, two years later than that, was sweet and fragrant as he emerged\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from the cave he called home until he could think of a better name for it or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 find a better cave.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Though his throat was sore again from his early morning yell of horror, he was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly in a terrifically good mood. He wrapped his dilapidated dressing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gown tightly around him and beamed at the bright morning.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The air was clear and scented, the breeze flitted lightly through the tall grass\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around his cave, the birds were chirruping at each other, the butterflies were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flitting about prettily, and the whole of nature seemed to be conspiring to be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as pleasant as it possibly could.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It wasn\'92t all the pastoral delights that were making Arthur feel so cheery,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though. He had just had a wonderful idea about how to cope with the terrible\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lonely isolation, the nightmares, the failure of all his attempts at horticulture,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the sheer futurelessness and futility of his life here on prehistoric Earth,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which was that he would go mad.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He beamed again and took a bite out of a rabbit leg left over from his supper.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He chewed happily for a few moments and then decided formally to announce\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his decision.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stood up straight and looked the world squarely in the fields and hills. To\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 add weight to his words he stuck the rabbit bone in his hair. He spread his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 arms out wide.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I will go mad!\'94 he announced.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good idea,\'94 said Ford Prefect, clambering down from the rock on which he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had been sitting.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur\'92s brain somersaulted. His jaw did press-ups.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I went mad for a while,\'94 said Ford, \'93did me no end of good.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You see,\'94 said Ford, ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where have you been?\'94 interrupted Arthur, now that his head had finished\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 9\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 10\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 1.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 working out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Around,\'94 said Ford, \'93around and about.\'94 He grinned in what he accurately\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 judged to be an infuriating manner. \'93I just took my mind off the hook for a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bit. I reckoned that if the world wanted me badly enough it would call back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It did.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took out of his now terribly battered and dilapidated satchel his Sub-Etha\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Sens-O-Matic.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93At least,\'94 he said, \'93I think it did. This has been playing up a bit.\'94 He shook\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it. \'93If it was a false alarm I shall go mad,\'94 he said, \'93again.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shook his head and sat down. He looked up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought you must be dead ...\'94 he said simply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So did I for a while,\'94 said Ford, \'93and then I decided I was a lemon for a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 couple of weeks. A kept myself amused all that time jumping in and out of a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gin and tonic.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur cleared his throat, and then did it again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where,\'94 he said, \'93did you ...?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Find a gin and tonic?\'94 said Ford brightly. \'93I found a small lake that thought\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it was a gin and tonic, and jumped in and out of that. At least, I think it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thought it was a gin and tonic.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I may,\'94 he added with a grin which would have sent sane men scampering\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 into trees, \'93have been imagining it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He waited for a reaction from Arthur, but Arthur knew better than that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Carry on,\'94 he said levelly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The point is, you see,\'94 said Ford, \'93that there is no point in driving yourself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as well give in and save\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 your sanity for later.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And this is you sane again, is it?\'94 said Arthur. \'93I ask merely for informa-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I went to Africa,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was that like?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And this is your cave is it?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, yes,\'94 said Arthur. He felt very strange. After nearly four years of total\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 isolation he was so pleased and relieved to see Ford that he could almost cry.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford was, on the other hand, an almost immediately annoying person.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Very nice,\'94 said Ford, in reference to Arthur\'92s cave. \'93You must hate it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur didn\'92t bother to reply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Africa was very interesting,\'94 said Ford, \'93I behaved very oddly there.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He gazed thoughtfully into the distance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 11\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I took up being cruel to animals,\'94 he said airily. \'93But only,\'94 he added, \'93as a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hobby.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh yes,\'94 said Arthur, warily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 Ford assured him. \'93I won\'92t disturb you with the details because they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Disturb you. But you may be interested to know that I am singlehandedly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 responsible for the evolved shape of the animal you came to know in later\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 centuries as a giraffe. And I tried to learn to fly. Do you believe me?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell me,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ll tell you later. I\'92ll just mention that the Guide says ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The ...?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Guide. The Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the Galaxy. You remember?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes. I remember throwing it in the river.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Ford, \'93but I fished it out.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You didn\'92t tell me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I didn\'92t want you to throw it in again.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fair enough,\'94 admitted Arthur. \'93It says?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Guide says?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Guide says there is an art to flying,\'94 said Ford, \'93or rather a knack.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.\'94 He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 smiled weakly. He pointed at the knees of his trousers and held his arms up\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to show the elbows. They were all torn and worn through.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I haven\'92t done very well so far,\'94 he said. He stuck out his hand. \'93I\'92m very\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 glad to see you again, Arthur,\'94 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shook his head in a sudden access of emotion and bewilderment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I haven\'92t seen anyone for years,\'94 he said, \'93not anyone. I can hardly even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 remember how to speak. I keep forgetting words. I practise you see. I practise\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by talking to ... talking to ... what are those things people think you\'92re mad\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if you talk to? Like George the Third.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Kings?\'94 suggested Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No, no,\'94 said Arthur. \'93The things he used to talk to. We\'92re surrounded by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them for heaven\'92s sake. I\'92ve planted hundreds myself. They all died. Trees! I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 practise by talking to trees. What\'92s that for?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford still had his hand stuck out. Arthur looked at it with incomprehension.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shake,\'94 prompted Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur did, nervously at first, as if it might turn out to be a fish. Then he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 grasped it vigorously with both hands in an overwhelming flood of relief. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shook it and shook it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 12\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 1.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After a while Ford found it necessary to disengage. They climbed to the top\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of a nearby outcrop of rock and surveyed the scene around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What happened to the Golgafrinchans?\'94 asked Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shrugged.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A lot of them didn\'92t make it through the winter three years ago,\'94 he said,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93and the few who remained in the spring said they needed a holiday and set\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off on a raft. History says that they must have survived ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Huh,\'94 said Ford, \'93well well.\'94 He stuck his hands on his hips and looked round\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again at the empty world. Suddenly, there was about Ford a sense of energy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and purpose.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We\'92re going,\'94 he said excitedly, and shivered with energy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where? How?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t know,\'94 said Ford, \'93but I just feel that the time is right. Things are\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 going to happen. We\'92re on our way.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He lowered his voice to a whisper.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I have detected,\'94 he said, \'93disturbances in the wash.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He gazed keenly into the distance and looked as if he would quite like the wind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to blow his hair back dramatically at that point, but the wind was busy fooling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around with some leaves a little way off.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur asked him to repeat what he had just said because he hadn\'92t quite\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 taken his meaning. Ford repeated it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The wash?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The space-time wash,\'94 said Ford, and as the wind blew briefly past at that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moment, he bared his teeth into it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur nodded, and then cleared his throat.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Are we talking about,\'94 he asked cautiously, \'93some sort of Vogon laundromat,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or what are we talking about?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Eddies,\'94 said Ford, \'93in the space-time continuum.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah,\'94 nodded Arthur, \'93is he? Is he?\'94 He pushed his hands into the pocket of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his dressing gown and looked knowledgeably into the distance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, who,\'94 said Arthur, \'93is Eddy, then, exactly?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford looked angrily at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Will you listen?\'94 he snapped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I have been listening,\'94 said Arthur, \'93but I\'92m not sure it\'92s helped.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford grasped him by the lapels of his dressing gown and spoke to him as slowly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and distinctly and patiently as if he were somebody from a telephone company\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 accounts department.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There seem ...\'94 he said, \'93to be some pools ...\'94 he said, \'93of instability ...\'94 he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 said, \'93in the fabric ...\'94 he said ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 13\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur looked foolishly at the cloth of his dressing gown where Ford was hold-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing it. Ford swept on before Arthur could turn the foolish look into a foolish\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 remark.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... in the fabric of space-time,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah, that,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, that,\'94 confirmed Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They stood there alone on a hill on prehistoric Earth and stared each other\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 resolutely in the face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And it\'92s done what?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It,\'94 said Ford, \'93has developed pools of instability.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Has it?\'94 said Arthur, his eyes not wavering for a moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It has,\'94 said Ford with a similar degree of ocular immobility.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93See?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a quiet pause.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The difficulty with this conversation,\'94 said Arthur after a sort of pondering\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 look had crawled slowly across his face like a mountaineer negotiating a tricky\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 outcrop, \'93is that it\'92s very different from most of the ones I\'92ve had of late.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Which, as I explained, have mostly been with trees. They weren\'92t like this.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Except perhaps some of the ones I\'92ve had with elms which sometimes get a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bit bogged down.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello? Yes?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just believe everything I tell you, and it will all be very, very simple.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah, well I\'92m not sure I believe that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They sat down and composed their thoughts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford got out his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic. It was making vague humming noises\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and a tiny light on it was flickering faintly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Flat battery?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Ford, \'93there is a moving disturbance in the fabric of space-time, an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 eddy, a pool of instability, and it\'92s somewhere in our vicinity.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford moved the device in a slow lightly bobbing semi-circle. Suddenly the light\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flashed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There!\'94 said Ford, shooting out his arm. \'93There, behind that sofa!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur looked. Much to his surprise, there was a velvet paisley- covered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chesterfield sofa in the field in front of them. He boggled intelligently at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it. Shrewd questions sprang into his mind.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why,\'94 he said, \'93is there a sofa in that field?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 14\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 1.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I told you!\'94 shouted Ford, leaping to his feet. \'93Eddies in the space-time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 continuum!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And this is his sofa, is it?\'94 asked Arthur, struggling to his feet and, he hoped,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though not very optimistically, to his senses.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur!\'94 shouted Ford at him, \'93that sofa is there because of the space-time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 instability Fve been trying to get your terminally softened brain to get to grips\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with. It\'92s been washed out of the continuum, it\'92s space-time jetsam, it doesn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 matter what it is, we\'92ve got to catch it, it\'92s our only way out of here!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He scrambled rapidly down the rocky outcrop and made off across the field.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Catch it?\'94 muttered Arthur, then frowned in bemusement as he saw that the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chesterfield was lazily bobbing and wafting away across the grass.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 With a whoop of utterly unexpected delight he leapt down the rock and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 plunged off in hectic pursuit of Ford Prefect and the irrational piece of furni-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ture.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They careered wildly through the grass, leaping, laughing, shouting instruc-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tions to each other to head the thing off this way or that way. The sun shone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dreamily on the swaying grass, tiny field animals scattered crazily in their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wake.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur felt happy. He was terribly pleased that the day was for once working\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out so much according to plan. Only twenty minutes ago he had decided he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would go mad, and now he was already chasing a Chesterfield sofa across the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fields of prehistoric Earth.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sofa bobbed this way and that and seemed simultaneously to be as solid\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as the trees as it drifted past some of them and hazy as a billowing dream as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it floated like a ghost through others.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Arthur pounded chaotically after it, but it dodged and weaved as if\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 following its own complex mathematical topography, which it was. Still they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pursued, still it danced and span, and suddenly turned and dipped as if cross-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing the lip of a catastrophe graph, and they were practically on top of it. With\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a heave and a shout they leapt on it, the sun winked out, they fell through a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sickening nothingness, and emerged unexpectedly in the middle of the pitch at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Lord\'92s Cricked Ground, St John\'92s Wood, London, towards the end of the last\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Test Match of the Australian Series in the year 198-, with England needing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only twenty-eight runs to win.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 2\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Important facts from Galactic history, number one:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (Reproduced from the Siderial Daily Mentioner\'92s Book of popular Galactic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 History.)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The night sky over the planet Krikkit is the least interesting sight in the entire\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 15\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 16\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 2.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 3\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a charming and delightful day at Lord\'92s as Ford and Arthur tumbled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 haphazardly out of a space-time anomaly and hit the immaculate turf rather\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hard.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The applause of the crowd was tremendous. It wasn\'92t for them, but instinc-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tively they bowed anyway, which was fortunate because the small red heavy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ball which the crowd actually had been applauding whistled mere millimetres\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over Arthur\'92s head. In the crowd a man collapsed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They threw themselves back to the ground which seemed to spin hideously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was that?\'94 hissed Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Something red,\'94 hissed Ford back at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where are we?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, somewhere green.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shapes,\'94 muttered Arthur. \'93I need shapes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The applause of the crowd had been rapidly succeeded by gasps of astonish-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ment, and the awkward titters of hundreds of people who could not yet make\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up their minds about whether to believe what they had just seen or not.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This your sofa?\'94 said a voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was that?\'94 whispered Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur looked up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Something blue,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shape?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur looked again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is shaped,\'94 he hissed at Ford, with his brow savagely furrowing, \'93like a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 policeman.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They remained crouched there for a few moments, frowning deeply. The blue\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing shaped like a policeman tapped them both on the shoulders.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Come on, you two,\'94 the shape said, \'93let\'92s be having you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 17\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 18\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 These words had an electrifying effect on Arthur. He leapt to his feet like\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 an author hearing the phone ring and shot a series of startled glanced at the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 panorama around him which had suddenly settled down into something of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quite terrifying ordinariness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where did you get this from?\'94 he yelled at the policeman shape.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What did you say?\'94 said the startled shape.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This is Lord\'92s Cricket Ground, isn\'92t it?\'94 snapped Arthur. \'93Where did you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 find it, how did you get it here? I think,\'94 he added, clasping his hand to his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 brow, \'93that I had better calm down.\'94 He squatted down abruptly in front of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is a policeman,\'94 he said, \'93What do we do?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford shrugged.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What do you want to do?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I want you,\'94 said Arthur, \'93to tell me that I have been dreaming for the last\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 five years.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford shrugged again, and obliged.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92ve been dreaming for the last five years,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur got to his feet.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s all right, officer,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92ve been dreaming for the last five years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ask him,\'94 he added, pointing at Ford, \'93he was in it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Having said this, he sauntered off towards the edge of the pitch, brushing down\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his dressing gown. He then noticed his dressing gown and stopped. He stared\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at it. He flung himself at the policeman.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So where did I get these clothes from?\'94 he howled.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He collapsed and lay twitching on the grass.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford shook his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He\'92s had a bad two million years,\'94 he said to the policeman, and together\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they heaved Arthur on to the sofa and carried him off the pitch and were only\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 briefly hampered by the sudden disappearance of the sofa on the way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Reaction to all this from the crowd were many and various. Most of them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 couldn\'92t cope with watching it, and listened to it on the radio instead.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, this is an interesting incident, Brian,\'94 said one radio commentator to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 another. \'93I don\'92t think there have been any mysterious materializations on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the pitch since, oh since, well I don\'92t think there have been any - have there?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 - that I recall?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Edgbaston, 1932?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah, now what happened then ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, Peter, I think it was Canter facing Willcox coming up to bowl from the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pavilion end when a spectator suddenly ran straight across the pitch.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a pause while the first commentator considered this.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 19\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ye ... e ... s ...\'94 he said, \'93yes, there\'92s nothing actually very mysterious about\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that, is there? He didn\'92t actually materialize, did he? Just ran on.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No, that\'92s true, but he did claim to have seen something materialize on the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pitch.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah, did he?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes. An alligator, I think, of some description.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah. And had anyone else noticed it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Apparently not. And no one was able to get a very detailed description from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him, so only the most perfunctory search was made.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And what happened to the man?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, I think someone offered to take him off and give him some lunch, but he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 explained that he\'92d already had a rather good one, so the matter was dropped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Warwickshire went on to win by three wickets.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So, not very like this current instance. For those of you who\'92ve just tuned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in, you may be interested to know that, er ... two men, two rather scruffily\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 attired men, and indeed a sofa - a Chesterfield I think?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, a Chesterfield.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Have just materialized here in the middle of Lord\'92s Cricket Ground. But I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 don\'92t think they meant any harm, they\'92ve been very good-natured about it,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sorry, can I interrupt you a moment Peter and say that the sofa has just\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 vanished.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So it has. Well, that\'92s one mystery less. Still, it\'92s definitely one for the record\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 books I think, particularly occurring at this dramatic moment in play, England\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now needing only twenty-four runs to win the series. The men are leaving the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pitch in the company of a police officer, and I think everyone\'92s settling down\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now and play is about to resume.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now, sir,\'94 said the policeman after they had made a passage through the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 curious crowd and laid Arthur\'92s peacefully inert body on a blanket, \'93perhaps\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you\'92d care to tell me who you are, where you come from, and what that little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 scene was all about?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford looked at the ground for a moment as if steadying himself for something,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 then he straightened up and aimed a look at the policeman which hit him\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the full force of every inch of the six hundred light-years\'92 distance be-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tween Earth and Ford\'92s home near Betelgeuse.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All right,\'94 said Ford, very quietly, \'93I\'92ll tell you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, well, that won\'92t be necessary,\'94 said the policeman hurriedly, \'93just don\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 let whatever it was happen again.\'94 The policeman turned around and wan-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dered off in search of anyone who wasn\'92t from Betelgeuse. Fortunately, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground was full of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 20\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur\'92s consciousness approached his body as from a great distance, and re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 luctantly. It had had some bad times in there. Slowly, nervously, it entered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and settled down in to its accustomed position.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur sat up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where am I?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Lord\'92s Cricket Ground,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fine,\'94 said Arthur, and his consciousness stepped out again for a quick\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 breather. His body flopped back on the grass.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ten minutes later, hunched over a cup of tea in the refreshment tent, the colour\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 started to come back to his haggard face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How\'92re you feeling?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m home,\'94 said Arthur hoarsely. He closed his eyes and greedily inhaled the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 steam from his tea as if it was - well, as far as Arthur was concerned, as if it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was tea, which it was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m home,\'94 he repeated, \'93home. It\'92s England, it\'92s today, the nightmare is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over.\'94 He opened his eyes again and smiled serenely. \'93I\'92m where I belong,\'94 he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 said in an emotional whisper.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There are two things I fell which I should tell you,\'94 said Ford, tossing a copy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the Guardian over the table at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m home,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Ford. \'93One is,\'94 he said pointing at the date at the top of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 paper, \'93that the Earth will be demolished in two days\'92 time.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m home,\'94 said Arthur. \'93Tea,\'94 he said, \'93cricket,\'94 he added with pleasure,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93mown grass, wooden benches, white linen jackets, beer cans ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slowly he began to focus on the newspaper. He cocked his head on one side\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with a slight frown.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ve seen that one before,\'94 he said. His eyes wandered slowly up to the date,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which Ford was idly tapping at. His face froze for a second or two and then\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 began to do that terribly slow crashing trick which Arctic ice-floes do so spec-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tacularly in the spring.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And the other thing,\'94 said Ford, \'93is that you appear to have a bone in your\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 beard.\'94 He tossed back his tea.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Outside the refreshment tent, the sun was shining on a happy crowd. It shone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on white hats and red faces. It shone on ice lollies and melted them. It shone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the tears of small children whose ice lollies had just melted and fallen off\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the stick. It shone on the trees, it flashed off whirling cricket bats, it gleamed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off the utterly extraordinary object which was parked behind the sight-screens\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and which nobody appeared to have noticed. It beamed on Ford and Arthur\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as they emerged blinking from the refreshment tent and surveyed the scene\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 21\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur was shaking.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Perhaps,\'94 he said, \'93I should ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Ford sharply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Don\'92t try and phone yourself up at home.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How did you know ...?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford shrugged.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But why not?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93People who talk to themselves on the phone,\'94 said Ford, \'93never learn any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing to their advantage.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Look,\'94 said Ford. He picked up an imaginary phone and dialled an imaginary\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dial.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello?\'94 he said into the imaginary mouthpiece. \'93Is that Arthur Dent? Ah,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hello, yes. This is Arthur Dent speaking. Don\'92t hang up.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked at the imaginary mouthpiece in disappointment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He hung up,\'94 he said, shrugged, and put the imaginary phone neatly back on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 its imaginary hook.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This is not my first temporal anomaly,\'94 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A glummer look replaced the already glum look on Arthur Dent\'92s face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So we\'92re not home and dry,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We could not even be said,\'94 replied Ford, \'93to be home and vigorously tow-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 elling ourselves off.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The game continued. The bowler approached the wicket at a lope, a trot,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and then a run. He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms and legs, out of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which flew a ball. The batsman swung and thwacked it behind him over the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sight-screens. Ford\'92s eyes followed the trajectory of the ball and jogged mo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mentarily. He stiffened. He looked along the flight path of the ball again and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his eyes twitched again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This isn\'92t my towel,\'94 said Arthur, who was rummaging in his rabbit-skin bag.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shhh,\'94 said Ford. He screwed his eyes up in concentration.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I had a Golgafrinchan jogging towel,\'94 continued Arthur, \'93it was blue with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 yellow stars on it. This isn\'92t it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shhh,\'94 said Ford again. He covered one eye and looked with the other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This one\'92s pink,\'94 said Arthur, \'93it isn\'92t yours is it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I would like you to shut up about your towel,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It isn\'92t my towel,\'94 insisted Arthur, \'93that is the point I am trying to ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And the time at which I would like you to shut up about it,\'94 continued Ford\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in a low growl, \'93is now.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All right,\'94 said Arthur, starting to stuff it back into the primitively stitched\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 22\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rabbit-skin bag. \'93I realize that it is probably not important in the cosmic scale\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of things, it\'92s just odd, that\'92s all. A pink towel suddenly, instead of a blue one\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with yellow stars.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford was beginning to behave rather strangely, or rather not actually begin-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ning to behave strangely but beginning to behave in a way which was strangely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 different from the other strange ways in which he more regularly behaved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What he was doing was this. Regardless of the bemused stares it was pro-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 voking from his fellow members of the crowd gathered round the pitch, he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was waving his hands in sharp movements across his face, ducking down be-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hind some people, leaping up behind others, then standing still and blinking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a lot. After a moment or two of this he started to stalk forward slowly and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stealthily wearing a puzzled frown of concentration, like a leopard that\'92s not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sure whether it\'92s just seen a half-empty tin of cat food half a mile away across\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a hot and dusty plain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This isn\'92t my bag either,\'94 said Arthur suddenly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford\'92s spell of concentration was broken. He turned angrily on Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I wasn\'92t talking about my towel,\'94 said Arthur. \'93We\'92ve established that that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 isn\'92t mine. It\'92s just that the bag into which I was putting the towel which is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not mine is also not mine, though it is extraordinarily similar. Now personally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I think that that is extremely odd, especially as the bag was one I made myself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on prehistoric Earth. These are also not my stones,\'94 he added, pulling a few\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flat grey stones out of the bag. \'93I was making a collection of interesting stones\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and these are clearly very dull ones.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A roar of excitement thrilled through the crowd and obliterated whatever it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was that Ford said in reply to this piece of information. The cricket ball which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had excited this reaction fell out of the sky and dropped neatly into Arthur\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mysterious rabbit-skin bag.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now I would say that that was also a very curious event,\'94 said Arthur, rapidly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 closing the bag and pretending to look for the ball on the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t think it\'92s here,\'94 he said to the small boys who immediately clustered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 round him to join in the search, \'93it probably rolled off somewhere. Over there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I expect.\'94 He pointed vaguely in the direction in which he wished they would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 push off. One of the boys looked at him quizzically.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You all right?\'94 said the boy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then why you got a bone in your beard?\'94 said the boy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m training it to like being wherever it\'92s put.\'94 Arthur prided himself on say-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing this. It was, he thought, exactly the sort of thing which would entertain\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and stimulate young minds.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh,\'94 said the small boy, putting his head to one side and thinking about it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 23\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What\'92s your name?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Dent,\'94 said Arthur, \'93Arthur Dent.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re a jerk, Dent,\'94 said the boy, \'93a complete asshole.\'94 The boy looked\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 past him at something else, to show that he wasn\'92t in any particular hurry\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to run away, and then wandered off scratching his nose. Suddenly Arthur re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 membered that the Earth was going to be demolished again in two days\'92 time,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and just this once didn\'92t feel too bad about it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Play resumed with a new ball, the sun continued to shine and Ford continued\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to jump up and down shaking his head and blinking.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Something\'92s on your mind, isn\'92t it?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think,\'94 said Ford in a tone of voice which Arthur by now recognized as one\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which presaged something utterly unintelligible, \'93that there\'92s an SEP over\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He pointed. Curiously enough, the direction he pointed in was not the one in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which he was looking. Arthur looked in the one direction, which was towards\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sight-screens, and in the other which was at the field of play. He nodded,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he shrugged. He shrugged again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A what?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93An SEP.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93An S ...?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... EP.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And what\'92s that?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Somebody Else\'92s Problem.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah, good,\'94 said Arthur and relaxed. He had no idea what all that was about,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but at least it seemed to be over. It wasn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Over there,\'94 said Ford, again pointing at the sight-screens and looking at the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pitch.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There!\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I see,\'94 said Arthur, who didn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You do?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Can you see,\'94 said Ford patiently, \'93the SEP?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought you said that was somebody else\'92s problem.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That\'92s right.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur nodded slowly, carefully and with an air of immense stupidity.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I want to know,\'94 said Ford, \'93if you can see it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You do?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What,\'94 said Arthur, \'93does it look like?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 24\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, how should I know, you fool?\'94 shouted Ford. \'93If you can see it, you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tell me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur experienced that dull throbbing sensation just behind the temples\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which was a hallmark of so many of his conversations with Ford. His brain\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lurked like a frightened puppy in its kennel. Ford took him by the arm.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93An SEP,\'94 he said, \'93is something that we can\'92t see, or don\'92t see, or our brain\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doesn\'92t let us see, because we think that it\'92s somebody else\'92s problem. That\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what SEP means. Somebody Else\'92s Problem. The brain just edits it out, it\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like a blind spot. If you look at it directly you won\'92t see it unless you know\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 precisely what it is. Your only hope is to catch it by surprise out of the corner\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of your eye.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah,\'94 said Arthur, \'93then that\'92s why ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Ford, who knew what Arthur was going to say.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... you\'92ve been jumping up and ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... down, and blinking ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... and ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think you\'92ve got the message.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can see it,\'94 said Arthur, \'93it\'92s a spaceship.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a moment Arthur was stunned by the reaction this revelation provoked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A roar erupted from the crowd, and from every direction people were run-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ning, shouting, yelling, tumbling over each other in a tumult of confusion. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stumbled back in astonishment and glanced fearfully around. Then he glanced\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around again in even greater astonishment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Exciting, isn\'92t it?\'94 said an apparition. The apparition wobbled in front of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur\'92s eyes, though the truth of the matter is probably that Arthur\'92s eyes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were wobbling in front of the apparition. His mouth wobbled as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93W ... w ... w ... w ...\'94 his mouth said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think your team have just won,\'94 said the apparition.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93W ... w ... w ... w ...\'94 repeated Arthur, and punctuated each wobble with a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 prod at Ford Prefect\'92s back. Ford was staring at the tumult in trepidation.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You are English, aren\'92t you?\'94 said the apparition.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93W ... w ... w ... w ... yes\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, your team, as I say, have just won. The match. It means they retain\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Ashes. You must be very pleased. I must say, I\'92m rather fond of cricket,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though I wouldn\'92t like anyone outside this planet to hear me saying that. Oh\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dear no.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The apparition gave what looked as if it might have been a mischievous grin,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but it was hard to tell because the sun was directly behind him, creating a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 25\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 blinding halo round his head and illuminating his silver hair and beard in a way\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which was awesome, dramatic and hard to reconcile with mischievous grins.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Still,\'94 he said, \'93it\'92ll all be over in a couple of days, won\'92t it? Though as I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 said to you when we last met, I was very sorry about that. Still, whatever will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have been, will have been.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur tried to speak, but gave up the unequal struggle. He prodded Ford\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought something terrible had happened,\'94 said Ford, \'93but it\'92s just the end\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the game. We ought to get out. Oh, hello, Slartibartfast, what are you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doing here?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, pottering, pottering,\'94 said the old man gravely.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That your ship? Can you give us a lift anywhere?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Patience, patience,\'94 the old man admonished.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 said Ford. \'93It\'92s just that this planet\'92s going to be demolished pretty\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 soon.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know that,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And, well, I just wanted to make that point,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The point is taken.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And if you feel that you really want to hang around a cricket pitch at this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 point ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I do.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then it\'92s your ship.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I suppose.\'94 Ford turned away sharply at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello, Slartibartfast,\'94 said Arthur at last.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello, Earthman,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93After all,\'94 said Ford, \'93we can only die once.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The old man ignored this and stared keenly on to the pitch, with eyes that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed alive with expressions that had no apparent bearing on what was hap-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pening out there. What was happening was that the crowd was gathering itself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 into a wide circle round the centre of the pitch. What Slartibartfast saw in it,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he alone knew.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford was humming something. It was just one note repeated at intervals. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was hoping that somebody would ask him what he was humming, but nobody\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 did. If anybody had asked him he would have said he was humming the first\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 line of a Noel Coward song called \'93Mad About the Boy\'94 over and over again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It would then have been pointed out to him that he was only singing one note,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to which he would have replied that for reasons which he hoped would be ap-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 parent, he was omitting the \'93about the boy\'94 bit. He was annoyed that nobody\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 asked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 26\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s just,\'94 he burst out at last, \'93that if we don\'92t go soon, we might get caught\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the middle of it all again. And there\'92s nothing that depresses me more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 than seeing a planet being destroyed. Except possibly still being on it when it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 happens. Or,\'94 he added in an undertone, \'93hanging around cricket matches.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Patience,\'94 said Slartibartfast again. \'93Great things are afoot.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That\'92s what you said last time we met,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They were,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, that\'92s true,\'94 admitted Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 All, however, that seemed to be afoot was a ceremony of some kind. It was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 being specially staged for the benefit of tv rather than the spectators, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 all they could gather about it from where they were standing was what they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heard from a nearby radio. Ford was aggressively uninterested.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He fretted as he heard it explained that the Ashes were about to be presented\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to the Captain of the English team out there on the pitch, fumed when told\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that this was because they had now won them for the nth time, positively\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 barked with annoyance at the information that the Ashes were the remains of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a cricket stump, and when, further to this, he was asked to contend with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fact that the cricket stump in question had been burnt in Melbourne, Australia,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in 1882, to signify the \'93death of English cricket\'94, he rounded on Slartibartfast,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 took a deep breath, but didn\'92t have a chance to say anything because the old\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 man wasn\'92t there. He was marching out on to the pitch with terrible purpose\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in his gait, his hair, beard and robes swept behind him, looking very much as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Moses would have looked if Sinai had been a well-cut lawn instead of, as it is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 more usually represented, a fiery smoking mountain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He said to meet him at his ship,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What in the name of zarking fardwarks is the old fool doing?\'94 exploded Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Meeting us at his ship in two minutes,\'94 said Arthur with a shrug which in-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dicated total abdication of thought. They started off towards it. Strange\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sounds reached their ears. They tried not to listen, but could not help notic-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing that Slartibartfast was querulously demanding that he be given the silver\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 urn containing the Ashes, as they were, he said, \'93vitally important for the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 past, present and future safety of the Galaxy\'94 , and that this was causing wild\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hilarity. They resolved to ignore it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What happened next they could not ignore. With a noise like a hundred thou-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sand people saying \'93wop\'94 , a steely white spaceship suddenly seemed to create\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 itself out of nothing in the air directly above the cricket pitch and hung there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with infinite menace and a slight hum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then for a while it did nothing, as if it expected everybody to go about their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 normal business and not mind it just hanging there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then it did something quite extraordinary. Or rather, it opened up and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 27\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 let something quite extraordinary come out of it, eleven quite extraordinary\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 things.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were robots, white robots.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What was most extraordinary about them was that they appeared to have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 come dressed for the occasion. Not only were they white, but they carried\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what appeared to be cricket bats, and not only that, but they also carried\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what appeared to be cricket balls, and not only that but they wore white rib-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bing pads round the lower parts of their legs. These last were extraordinary\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 because they appeared to contain jets which allowed these curiously civilized\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 robots to fly down from their hovering spaceship and start to kill people, which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is what they did\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello,\'94 said Arthur, \'93something seems to be happening.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Get to the ship,\'94 shouted Ford. \'93I don\'92t want to know, I don\'92t want to see, I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 don\'92t want to hear,\'94 he yelled as he ran, \'93this is not my planet, I didn\'92t choose\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to be here, I don\'92t want to get involved, just get me out of here, and get me\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to a party, with people I can relate to!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Smoke and flame billowed from the pitch.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, the supernatural brigade certainly seems to be out in force here today\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ...\'94 burbled a radio happily to itself.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What I need,\'94 shouted Ford, by way of clarifying his previous remarks, \'93is a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strong drink and a peer-group.\'94 He continued to run, pausing only for a mo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ment to grab Arthur\'92s arm and drag him along with him. Arthur had adopted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his normal crisis role, which was to stand with his mouth hanging open and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 let it all wash over him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92re playing cricket,\'94 muttered Arthur, stumbling along after Ford. \'93I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 swear they are playing cricket. I do not know why they are doing this, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that is what they are doing. They\'92re not just killing people, they\'92re sending\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them up,\'94 he shouted, \'93Ford, they\'92re sending us up!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It would have been hard to disbelieve this without knowing a great deal more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Galactic history than Arthur had so far managed to pick up in his travels.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The ghostly but violent shapes that could be seen moving within the thick\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pall of smoke seemed to be performing a series of bizarre parodies of batting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strokes, the difference being that every ball they struck with their bats ex-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ploded wherever it landed. The very first one of these had dispelled Arthur\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 initial reaction, that the whole thing might just be a publicity stunt by Aus-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tralian margarine manufacturers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then, as suddenly as it had all started, it was over. The eleven white\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 robots ascended through the seething cloud in a tight formation, and with a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 few last flashes of flame entered the bowels of their hovering white ship, which,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the noise of a hundred thousand people saying \'93foop\'94 , promptly vanished\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 28\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 into the thin air out of which it had wopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a moment there was a terrible stunned silence, and then out of the drifting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 smoke emerged the pale figure of Slartibartfast looking even more like Moses\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 because in spite of the continued absence of the mountain he was at least now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 striding across a fiery and smoking well-mown lawn.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stared wildly about him until he saw the hurrying figures of Arthur Dent\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Ford Prefect forcing their way through the frightened crowd which was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for the moment busy stampeding in the opposite direction. The crowd was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clearly thinking to itself about what an unusual day this was turning out to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be, and not really knowing which way, if any, to turn.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast was gesturing urgently at Ford and Arthur and shouting at them,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as the three of them gradually converged on his ship, still parked behind the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sight-screens and still apparently unnoticed by the crowd stampeding past it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 who presumably had enough of their own problems to cope with at that time.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92ve garble warble farble!\'94 shouted Slartibartfast in his thin tremulous\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What did he say?\'94 panted Ford as he elbowed his way onwards.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shook his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'92\'92\'91They\'92ve ...\'92 something or other,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92ve table warble farble!\'94 shouted Slartibartfast again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Arthur shook their heads at each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It sounds urgent,\'94 said Arthur. He stopped and shouted.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92ve garble warble fashes!\'94 cried Slartibartfast, still waving at them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He says,\'94 said Arthur, \'93that they\'92ve taken the Ashes. That is what I think\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he says.\'94 They ran on.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The ...?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ashes,\'94 said Arthur tersely. \'93The burnt remains of a cricket stump. It\'92s a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 trophy. That ...\'94 he was panting, \'93is ... apparently ... what they ... have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 come and taken.\'94 He shook his head very slightly as if he was trying to get\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his brain to settle down lower in his skull.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Strange thing to want to tell us,\'94 snapped Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Strange thing to take.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Strange ship.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They had arrived at it. The second strangest thing about the ship was watch-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing the Somebody Else\'92s Problem field at work. They could now clearly see\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the ship for what it was simply because they knew it was there. It was quite\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 apparent, however, that nobody else could. This wasn\'92t because it was actu-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ally invisible or anything hyper-impossible like that. The technology involved\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in making anything invisible is so infinitely complex that nine hundred and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 29\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ninety-nine thousand million, nine hundred and ninety-nine million, nine hun-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dred and ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine times out of a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 billion it is much simpler and more effective just to take the thing away and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 do without it. The ultra-famous sciento-magician Effrafax of Wug once bet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his life that, given a year, he could render the great megamountain Magramal\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 entirely invisible.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Having spent most of the year jiggling around with immense Lux- O-Valves\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Refracto-Nullifiers and Spectrum-Bypass-O-Matics, he realized, with nine\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hours to go, that he wasn\'92t going to make it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So, he and his friends, and his friends\'92 friends, and his friends\'92 friends\'92 friends,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and his friends\'92 friends\'92 friends\'92 friends, and some rather less good friends of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 theirs who happened to own a major stellar trucking company, put in what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now is widely recognized as being the hardest night\'92s work in history, and, sure\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 enough, on the following day, Magramal was no longer visible. Effrafax lost his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bet - and therefore his life - simply because some pedantic adjudicating official\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 noticed (a) that when walking around the area that Magramal ought to be he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t trip over or break his nose on anything, and (b) a suspicious-looking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 extra moon.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Somebody Else\'92s Problem field is much simpler and more effective, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what\'92s more can be run for over a hundred years on a single torch battery.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This is because it relies on people\'92s natural disposition not to see anything they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 don\'92t want to, weren\'92t expecting, or can\'92t explain. If Effrafax had painted the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mountain pink and erected a cheap and simple Somebody Else\'92s Problem field\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on it, then people would have walked past the mountain, round it, even over\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it, and simply never have noticed that the thing was there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And this is precisely what was happening with Slartibartfast\'92s ship. It wasn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pink, but if it had been, that would have been the least of its visual problems\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and people were simply ignoring it like anything.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The most extraordinary thing about it was that it looked only partly like a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spaceship with guidance fins, rocket engines and escape hatches and so on,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and a great deal like a small upended Italian bistro.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Arthur gazed up at it with wonderment and deeply offended sensi-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bilities.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, I know,\'94 said Slartibartfast, hurrying up to them at that point, breath-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 less and agitated, \'93but there is a reason. Come, we must go. The ancient\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 nightmare is come again. Doom confronts us all. We must leave at once.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I fancy somewhere sunny,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Arthur followed Slartibartfast into the ship and were so perplexed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by what they saw inside it that they were totally unaware of what happened\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 next outside.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 30\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 3.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A spaceship, yet another one, but this one sleek and silver, descended from the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sky on to the pitch, quietly, without fuss, its long legs unlocking in a smooth\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ballet of technology.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It landed gently. It extended a short ramp. A tall grey-green figure marched\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 briskly out and approached the small knot of people who were gathered in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 centre of the pitch tending to the casualties of the recent bizarre massacre. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moved people aside with quiet, understated authority, and came at last to a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 man lying in a desperate pool of blood, clearly now beyond the reach of any\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Earthly medicine, breathing, coughing his last. The figure knelt down quietly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 beside him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur Philip Deodat?\'94 asked the figure.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The man, with horrified confusion in eyes, nodded feebly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re a no-goocl dumbo nothing,\'94 whispered the creature. \'93I thought you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 should know that before you went.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 4\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Important facts from Galactic history, number two:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (Reproduced from the Siderial Daily Mentioner\'92s Book of popular Galactic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 History.)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Since this Galaxy began, vast civilizations have risen and fallen, risen and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fallen, risen and fallen so often that it\'92s quite tempting to think that life in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Galaxy must be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (a) something akin to seasick - space-sick, time sick, history sick or some such\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (b) stupid.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 31\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 32\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 4.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 5\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed to Arthur as if the whole sky suddenly just stood aside and let them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed to him that the atoms of his brain and the atoms of the cosmos were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 streaming through each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed to him that he was blown on the wind of the Universe, and that the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wind was him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed to him that he was one of the thoughts of the Universe and that the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Universe was a thought of his.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed to the people at Lord\'92s Cricket Ground that another North London\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 restaurant had just come and gone as they so often do, and that this was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Somebody Else\'92s Problem.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What happened?\'94 whispered Arthur in considerable awe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We took off,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur lay in startled stillness on the acceleration couch. He wasn\'92t certain\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 whether he had just got space-sickness or religion.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nice mover,\'94 said Ford in an unsuccessful attempt to disguise the degree\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to which he had been impressed by what Slartibartfast\'92s ship had just done,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93shame about the decor.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a moment or two the old man didn\'92t reply. He was staring at the instru-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ments with the air of one who is trying to convert fahrenheit to centigrade in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his head whilst his house is burning down. Then his brow cleared and he stared\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for a moment at the wide panoramic screen in front of him, which displayed a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bewildering complexity of stars streaming like silver threads around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His lips moved as if he was trying to spell something. Suddenly his eyes darted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in alarm back to his instruments, but then his expression merely subsided into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a steady frown. He looked back up at the screen. He felt his own pulse. His\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 frown deepened for a moment, then he relaxed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s a mistake to try and understand mathematics,\'94 he said, \'93they only worry\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 33\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 34\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 5.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 me. What did you say?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Decor,\'94 said Ford. \'93Pity about it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Deep in the fundamental heart of mind and Universe,\'94 said Slartibartfast,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93there is a reason.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford glanced sharply around. He clearly thought this was taking an optimistic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 view of things.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The interior of the flight deck was dark green, dark red, dark brown, cramped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and moodily lit. Inexplicably, the resemblance to a small Italian bistro had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 failed to end at the hatchway. Small pools of light picked out pot plants, glazed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tiles and all sorts of little unidentifiable brass things.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rafia-wrappecl bottles lurked hideously in the shadows.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The instruments which had occupied Slartibartfast\'92s attention seemed to be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mounted in the bottom of bottles which were set in concrete.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford reached out and touched it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Fake concrete. Plastic. Fake bottles set in fake concrete.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The fundamental heart of mind and Universe can take a running jump, he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thought to himself, this is rubbish. On the other hand, it could not be denied\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that the way the ship had moved made the Heart of Gold seem like an electric\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pram.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He swung himself off the couch. He brushed himself down. He looked at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur who was singing quietly to himself. He looked at the screen and rec-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ognized nothing. He looked at Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How far did we just travel?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93About ...\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93about two thirds of the way across the Galac-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tic disc, I would say, roughly. Yes, roughly two thirds, I think.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s a strange thing,\'94 said Arthur quietly, \'93that the further and faster one\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 travels across the Universe, the more one\'92s position in it seems to be largely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 immaterial, and one is filled with a profound, or rather emptied of a ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, very strange,\'94 said Ford. \'93Where are we going?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We are going,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93to confront an ancient nightmare of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Universe.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And where are you going to drop us off?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I will need your help.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tough. Look, there\'92s somewhere you can take us where we can have fun, I\'92m\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 trying to think of it, we can get drunk and maybe listen to some extremely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 evil music. Hold on, I\'92ll look it up.\'94 He dug out his copy of The Hitch Hiker\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Guide to the Galaxy and tipped through those parts of the index primarily\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 concerned with sex and drugs and rock and roll.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A curse has arisen from the mists of time,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, I expect so,\'94 said Ford. \'93Hey,\'94 he said, lighting accidentally on one par-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 35\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ticular reference entry, \'93Eccentrica Gallumbits, did you ever meet her? The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 triple-breasted whore of Eroticon Six. Some people say her erogenous zones\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 start some four miles from her actual body. Me, I disagree, I say five.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A curse,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93which will engulf the Galaxy in fire and de-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 struction, and possibly bring the Universe to a premature doom. I mean it,\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sounds like a bad time,\'94 said Ford, \'93with look I\'92ll be drunk enough not to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 notice. Here,\'94 he said, stabbing his finger at the screen of the Guide, \'93would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be a really wicked place to go, and I think we should. What do you say,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur? Stop mumbling mantras and pay attention. There\'92s important stuff\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you\'92re missing here.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur pushed himself up from his couch and shook his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where are we going?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93To confront an ancient night-\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Can it,\'94 said Ford. \'93Arthur, we are going out into the Galaxy to have some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fun. Is that an idea you can cope with?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What\'92s Slartibartfast looking so anxious about?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nothing,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Doom,\'94 said Slartibartfast. \'93Come,\'94 he added, with sudden authority, \'93there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is much I must show and tell you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He walked towards a green wrought-iron spiral staircase set incomprehensibly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the middle of the flight deck and started to ascend. Arthur, with a frown,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 followed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford slung the Guide sullenly back into his satchel.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland and a natural\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 deficiency in moral fibre,\'94 he muttered to himself, \'93and that I am therefore\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 excused from saving Universes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nevertheless, he stomped up the stairs behind them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What they found upstairs was just stupid, or so it seemed, and Ford shook his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 head, buried his face in his hands and slumped against a pot plant, crushing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it against the wall.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The central computational area,\'94 said Slartibartfast unperturbed, \'93this is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where every calculation affecting the ship in any way is performed. Yes I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 know what it looks like, but it is in fact a complex four-dimensional topo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 graphical map of a series of highly complex mathematical functions.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It looks like a joke,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know what it looks like,\'94 said Slartibartfast, and went into it. As he did\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 so, Arthur had a sudden vague flash of what it might mean, but he refused to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 believe it. The Universe could not possibly work like that, he thought, cannot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 possibly. That, he thought to himself, would be as absurd as ... he terminated\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 36\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 5.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that line of thinking. Most of the really absurd things he could think of had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 already happened.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And this was one of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a large glass cage, or box - in fact a room.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In it was a table, a long one. Around it were gathered about a dozen chairs,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the bentwood style. On it was a tablecloth - a grubby, red and white check\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tablecloth, scarred with the occasional cigarette burn, each, presumably, at a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 precise calculated mathematical position.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And on the tablecloth sat some half-eaten Italian meals, hedged about with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 half-eaten breadsticks and half-drunk glasses of wine, and toyed with listlessly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by robots.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was all completely artificial. The robot customers were attended by a robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 waiter, a robot wine waiter and a robot maetre d\'92. The furniture was artificial,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the tablecloth artificial, and each particular piece of food was clearly capable\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of exhibiting all the mechanical characteristics of, say, a polio sorpreso, with-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out actually being one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And all participated in a little dance together - a complex routine involving the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manipulation of menus, bill pads, wallets, cheque books, credit cards, watches,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pencils and paper napkins, which seemed to be hovering constantly on the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 edge of violence, but never actually getting anywhere.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast hurried in, and then appeared to pass the time of day quite idly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the maetre d\'92, whilst one of the customer robots, an autorory, slid slowly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 under the table, mentioning what he intended to do to some guy over some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 girl.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast took over the seat which had been thus vacated and passed a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shrewd eye over the menu. The tempo of the routine round the table seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 somehow imperceptibly to quicken. Arguments broke out, people attempted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to prove things on napkins. They waved fiercely at each other, and attempted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to examine each other\'92s pieces of chicken. The waiter\'92s hand began to move\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the bill pad more quickly than a human hand could manage, and then more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quickly than a human eye could follow. The pace accelerated. Soon, an ex-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 traordinary and insistent politeness overwhelmed the group, and seconds later\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it seemed that a moment of consensus was suddenly achieved. A new vibration\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thrilled through the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast emerged from the glass room.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Bistromathics,\'94 he said. \'93The most powerful computational force known to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 parascience. Come to the Room of Informational Illusions.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He swept past and carried them bewildered in his wake.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 6\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Bistromatic Drive is a wonderful new method of crossing vast interstellar\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 distances without all that dangerous mucking about with Improbability Fac-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tors.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Bistromathics itself is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 behaviour of numbers. Just as Einstein observed that time was not an absolute\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but depended on the observer\'92s movement in space, and that space was not an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 absolute, but depended on the observer\'92s movement in time, so it is now real-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ized that numbers are not absolute, but depend on the observer\'92s movement\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in restaurants.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The first non-absolute number is the number of people for whom the table is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reserved. This will vary during the course of the first three telephone calls to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the restaurant, and then bear no apparent relation to the number of people\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 who actually turn up, or to the number of people who subsequently join them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 after the show/match/party/gig, or to the number of people who leave when\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they see who else has turned up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The second non-absolute number is the given time of arrival, which is now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 known to be one of those most bizarre of mathematical concepts, a recipriver-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sexcluson, a number whose existence can only be defined as being anything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other than itself. In other words, the given time of arrival is the one moment\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of time at which it is impossible that any member of the party will arrive. Re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cipriversexclusons now play a vital part in many branches of maths, including\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 statistics and accountancy and also form the basic equations used to engineer\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Somebody Else\'92s Problem field.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The third and most mysterious piece of non-absoluteness of all lies in the re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lationship between the number of items on the bill, the cost of each item, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 number of people at the table, and what they are each prepared to pay for.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (The number of people who have actually brought any money is only a sub-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 phenomenon in this field.)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 37\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 38\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 6.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The baffling discrepancies which used to occur at this point remained uninves-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tigated for centuries simply because no one took them seriously. They were at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the time put down to such things as politeness, rudeness, meanness, flashness,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tiredness, emotionality, or the lateness of the hour, and completely forgotten\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about on the following morning. They were never tested under laboratory\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 conditions, of course, because they never occurred in laboratories - not in rep-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 utable laboratories at least.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And so it was only with the advent of pocket computers that the startling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 truth became finally apparent, and it was this:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Numbers written on restaurant bills within the confines of restaurants do not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 paper in any other parts of the Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This single fact took the scientific world by storm. It completely revolution-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ized it. So many mathematical conferences got held in such good restaurants\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that many of the finest minds of a generation died of obesity and heart failure\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the science of maths was put back by years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slowly, however, the implications of the idea began to be understood. To\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 begin with it had been too stark, too crazy, too much what the man in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 street would have said, \'93Oh yes, I could have told you that,\'94 about. Then\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 some phrases like \'93Interactive Subjectivity Frameworks\'94 were invented, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 everybody was able to relax and get on with it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The small groups of monks who had taken up hanging around the major re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 search institutes singing strange chants to the effect that the Universe was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only a figment of its own imagination were eventually given a street theatre\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 grant and went away.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 7\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In space travel, you see,\'94 said Slartibartfast, as he fiddled with some instru-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ments in the Room of Informational Illusions, \'93in space travel ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stopped and looked about him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Room of Informational Illusions was a welcome relief after the visual mon-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strosities of the central computational area. There was nothing in it. No infor-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mation, no illusions, just themselves, white walls and a few small instruments\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which looked as if they were meant to plug into something which Slartibartfast\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 couldn\'92t find.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes?\'94 urged Arthur. He had picked up Slartibartfast \'92s sense of urgency but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t know what to do with it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes what?\'94 said the old man.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You were saying?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast looked at him sharply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The numbers,\'94 he said, \'93are awful.\'94 He resumed his search.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur nodded wisely to himself. After a while he realized that this wasn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 getting him anywhere and decided that he would say \'93what?\'94 after all.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In space travel,\'94 repeated Slartibartfast, \'93all the numbers are awful.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur nodded again and looked round to Ford for help, but Ford was prac-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tising being sullen and getting quite good at it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was only,\'94 said Slartibartfast with a sigh, \'93trying to save you the trouble of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 asking me why all the ship\'92s computations were being done on a waiter\'92s bill\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pad.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur frowned.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why,\'94 he said, \'93were all the ship\'92s computations being done on a wait-\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast said, \'93Because in space travel all the numbers are awful.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He could tell that he wasn\'92t getting his point across.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Listen,\'94 he said. \'93On a waiter\'92s bill pad numbers dance. You must have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 39\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 40\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 7.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 encountered the phenomenon.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93On a waiter\'92s bill pad,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93reality and unreality collide on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 such a fundamental level that each becomes the other and anything is possible,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 within certain parameters.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What parameters?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s impossible to say,\'94 said Slartibartfast. \'93That\'92s one of them. Strange but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 true. At least, I think it\'92s strange,\'94 he added, \'93and I\'92m assured that it\'92s true.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At that moment he located the slot in the wall for which he had been search-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing, and clicked the instrument he was holding into it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do not be alarmed,\'94 he said, and then suddenly darted an alarmed look at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 himself, and lunged back, \'93it\'92s ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They didn\'92t hear what he said, because at that moment the ship winked out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of existence around them and a starbattle-ship the size of a small Midlands\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 industrial city plunged out of the sundered night towards them, star lasers\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ablaze.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They gaped, pop-eyed, and were unable to scream.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 8\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Another world, another day, another dawn.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The early morning\'92s thinnest sliver of light appeared silently.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Several billion trillion tons of superhot exploding hydrogen nuclei rose slowly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 above the horizon and managed to look small, cold and slightly damp.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There is a moment in every dawn when light floats, there is the possibility of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 magic. Creation holds its breath.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The moment passed as it regularly did on Squornshellous Zeta, without inci-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mist clung to the surface of the marshes. The swamp trees were grey with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it, the tall reeds indistinct. It hung motionless like held breath.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nothing moved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sun struggled feebly with the mist, tried to impart a little warmth here,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shed a little light there, but clearly today was going to be just another long\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 haul across the sky.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nothing moved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Again, silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nothing moved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Very often on Squornshellous Zeta, whole days would go on like this, and this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was indeed going to be one of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Fourteen hours later the sun sank hopelessly beneath the opposite horizon with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a sense of totally wasted effort.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And a few hours later it reappeared, squared its shoulders and started on up\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sky again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This time, however, something was happening. A mattress had just met a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 robot.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello, robot,\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 41\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 42\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 8.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Bleah,\'94 said the robot and continued what it was doing, which was walking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 round very slowly in a very tiny circle.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Happy?\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The robot stopped and looked at the mattress. It looked at it quizzically. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was clearly a very stupid mattress. It looked back at him with wide eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After what it had calculated to ten significant decimal places as being the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 precise length of pause most likely to convey a general contempt for all things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mattressy, the robot continued to walk round in tight circles.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We could have a conversation,\'94 said the mattress, \'93would you like that?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a large mattress, and probably one of quite high quality. Very few things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 actually get manufactured these days, because in an infinitely large Universe\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 such as, for instance, the one in which we live, most things one could possibly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow somewhere. A forest\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew ratchet screwdrivers\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as fruit. The life cycle of ratchet screwdriver fruit it quite interesting. Once\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can lie undisturbed for years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its outer skin which crumbles into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable little metal object with flanges\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at both ends and a sort of ridge and a sort of hole for a screw. This, when\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 found, will get thrown away. No one knows what it is supposed to gain from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this. Nature, in her infinite wisdom, is presumably working on it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 No one really knows what mattresses are meant to gain from their lives either.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They are large, friendly, pocket-sprung creatures which live quiet private lives\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the marshes of Squornshellous Zeta. Many of them get caught, slaughtered,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dried out, shipped out and slept on. None of them seem to mind and all of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them are called Zem.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Marvin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93My name,\'94 said the mattress, \'93is Zem. We could discuss the weather a little.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Marvin paused again in his weary circular plod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The dew,\'94 he observed, \'93has clearly fallen with a particularly sickening thud\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this morning.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He resumed his walk, as if inspired by this conversational outburst to fresh\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heights of gloom and despondency. He plodded tenaciously. If he had had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 teeth he would have gritted them at this point. He hadn\'92t. He didn\'92t. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mere plod said it all.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress f lolloped around. This is a thing that only live mattresses in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 swamps are able to do, which is why the word is not in more common usage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It flolloped in a sympathetic sort of way, moving a fairish body of water as it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 did so. It blew a few bubbles up through the water engagingly. Its blue and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 white stripes glistened briefly in a sudden feeble ray of sun that had unexpect-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 43\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 edly made it through the mist, causing the creature to bask momentarily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Marvin plodded.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You have something on your mind, I think,\'94 said the mattress floopily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93More than you can possibly imagine,\'94 dreaded Marvin. \'93My capacity for\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mental activity of all kinds is as boundless as the infinite reaches of space\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 itself. Except of course for my capacity for happiness.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stomp, stomp, he went.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93My capacity for happiness,\'94 he added, \'93you could fit into a matchbox with-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out taking out the matches first.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress globbered. This is the noise made by a live, swamp- dwelling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mattress that is deeply moved by a story of personal tragedy. The word can\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 also, according to The Ultra-Complete Maximegalon Dictionary of Every Lan-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 guage Ever, mean the noise made by the Lord High Sanvalvwag of Hollop on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 discovering that he has forgotten his wife\'92s birthday for the second year run-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ning. Since there was only ever one Lord High Sanvalvwag of Hollop, and he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 never married, the word is only ever used in a negative or speculative sense,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and there is an ever-increasing body of opinion which holds that The Ultra-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Complete Maximegalon Dictionary is not worth the fleet of lorries it takes to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cart its microstored edition around in. Strangely enough, the dictionary omits\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the word \'93floopily\'94 , which simply means \'93in the manner of something which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is floopy\'94.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress globbered again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I sense a deep dejection in your diodes,\'94 it vollued (for the meaning of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 word \'93vollue\'94 , buy a copy of Squornshellous Swamptalk at any remaindered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bookshop, or alternatively buy The Ultra-Complete Maximegalon Dictionary,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as the University will be very glad to get it off their hands and regain some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 valuable parking lots), \'93and it saddens me. You should be more mattresslike.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 We live quiet retired lives in the swamp, where we are content to flollop and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 vollue and regard the wetness in a fairly floopy manner. Some of us are killed,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but all of us are called Zem, so we never know which and globbering is thus\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 kept to a minimum. Why are you walking in circles?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Because my leg is stuck,\'94 said Marvin simply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It seems to me,\'94 said the mattress eyeing it compassionately, \'93that it is a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pretty poor sort of leg.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You are right,\'94 said Marvin, \'93it is.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Voon,\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I expect so,\'94 said Marvin, \'93and I also expect that you find the idea of a robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with an artificial leg pretty amusing. You should tell your friends Zem and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zem when you see them later; they\'92ll laugh, if I know them, which I don\'92t of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 course - except insofar as I know all organic life forms, which is much better\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 44\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 8.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 than I would wish to. Ha, but my life is but a box of wormgears.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stomped around again in his tiny circle, around his thin steel peg-leg which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 revolved in the mud but seemed otherwise stuck.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But why do you just keep walking round and round?\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just to make the point,\'94 said Marvin, and continued, round and round.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Consider it made, my dear friend,\'94 flurbled the mattress, \'93consider it made.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just another million years,\'94 said Marvin, \'93just another quick million. Then\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I might try it backwards. Just for the variety, you understand.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress could feel deep in his innermost spring pockets that the robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dearly wished to be asked how long he had been trudging in this futile and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fruitless manner, and with another quiet flurble he did so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, just over the one-point-five-million mark, just over,\'94 said Marvin airily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ask me if I ever get bored, go on, ask me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress did.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Marvin ignored the question, he merely trudged with added emphasis.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I gave a speech once,\'94 he said suddenly, and apparently unconnectedly. \'93You\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 may not instantly see why I bring the subject up, but that is because my mind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 works so phenomenally fast, and I am at a rough estimate thirty billion times\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 more intelligent than you. Let me give you an example. Think of a number,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 any number.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, five,\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wrong,\'94 said Marvin. \'93You see?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress was much impressed by this and realized that it was in the pres-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ence of a not unremarkable mind. It willomied along its entire length, sending\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 excited little ripples through its shallow algae-covered pool.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It gupped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell me,\'94 it urged, \'93of the speech you once made, I long to hear it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It was received very badly,\'94 said Marvin, \'93for a variety of reasons. I delivered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it,\'94 he added, pausing to make an awkward humping sort of gesture with his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not-exactly-goocl arm, but his arm which was better than the other one which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was dishearteningly welded to his left side, \'93over there, about a mile distance.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was pointing as well as he could manage, and he obviously wanted to make\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it totally clear that this was as well as he could manage, through the mist,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over the reeds, to a part of the marsh which looked exactly the same as every\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other part of the marsh.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There,\'94 he repeated. \'93I was somewhat of a celebrity at the time.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Excitement gripped the mattress. It had never heard of speeches being deliv-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ered on Squornshellous Zeta, and certainly not by celebrities. Water spattered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off it as a thrill glurried across its back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It did something which mattresses very rarely bother to do. Summoning every\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 45\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bit of its strength, it reared its oblong body, heaved it up into the air and held\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it quivering there for a few seconds whilst it peered through the mist over the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reeds at the part of the marsh which Marvin had indicated, observing, without\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 disappointment, that it was exactly the same as every other part of the marsh.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The effort was too much, and it flodged back into its pool, deluging Marvin\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with smelly mud, moss and weeds.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was a celebrity,\'94 droned the robot sadly, \'93for a short while on account of my\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 miraculous and bitterly resented escape from a fate almost as good as death in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the heart of a blazing sun. You can guess from my condition,\'94 he added, \'93how\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 narrow my escape was. I was rescued by a scrap-metal merchant, imagine that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Here I am, brain the size of ... never mind.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He trudged savagely for a few seconds.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He it was who fixed me up with this leg. Hateful, isn\'92t it? He sold me to a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Mind Zoo. I was the star exhibit. I had to sit on a box and tell my story whilst\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 people told me to cheer up and think positive. \'91Give us a grin, little robot,\'92\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they would shout at me, \'91give us a little chuckle.\'92 I would explain to them that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to get my face to grin wold take a good couple of hours in a workshop with a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wrench, and that went down very well.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The speech,\'94 urged the mattress. \'93I long to hear of the speech you gave in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the marshes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There was a bridge built across the marshes. A cyberstructured hyper-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bridge, hundreds of miles in length, to carry ion-buggies and freighters over\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the swamp.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A bridge?\'94 quirruled the mattress. \'93Here in the swamp?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A bridge,\'94 confirmed Marvin, \'93here in the swamp. It was going to revitalize\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the economy of the Squornshellous System. They spent the entire economy of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Squornshellous System building it. They asked me to open it. Poor fools.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It began to rain a little, a fine spray slid through the mist.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I stood on the platform. For hundreds of miles in front of me, and hundreds\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of miles behind me, the bridge stretched.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Did it glitter?\'94 enthused the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It glittered.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Did it span the miles majestically?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It spanned the miles majestically.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Did it stretch like a silver thread far out into the invisible mist?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Marvin. \'93Do you want to hear this story?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I want to hear your speech,\'94 said the mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This is what I said. I said, \'91I would like to say that it is a very great pleasure,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 honour and privilege for me to open this bridge, but I can\'92t because my lying\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 circuits are all out of commission. I hate and despise you all. I now declare\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 46\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 8.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this hapless cyberstructure open to the unthinkable abuse of all who wantonly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cross her.\'92 And I plugged myself into the opening circuits.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Marvin paused, remembering the moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mattress flurred and glurried. It flolloped, gupped and willomied, doing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this last in a particularly floopy way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Voon,\'94 it wurfed at last. \'93And it was a magnificent occasion?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Reasonably magnificent. The entire thousand-mile-long bridge spontaneously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 folded up its glittering spans and sank weeping into the mire, taking everybody\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a sad and terrible pause at this point in the conversation during\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which a hundred thousand people seemed unexpectedly to say \'93wop\'94 and a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 team of white robots descended from the sky like dandelion seeds drifting on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the wind in tight military formation. For a sudden violent moment they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 all there, in the swamp, wrenching Marvin\'92s false leg off, and then they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gone again in their ship, which said \'93foop\'94.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You see the sort of thing I have to contend with?\'94 said Marvin to the gob-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bering mattress.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly, a moment later, the robots were back again for another violent inci-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dent, and this time when they left, the mattress was alone in the swamp. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flolloped around in astonishment and alarm. He almost lurgled in fear. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reared himself to see over the reeds, but there was nothing to see, just more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reeds. He listened, but there was no sound on the wind beyond the now famil-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 iar sound of half-crazed etymologists calling distantly to each other across the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sullen mire.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 9\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The body of Arthur Dent span.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Universe shattered into a million glittering fragments around it, and each\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 particular shard span silently through the void, reflecting on its silver surface\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 some single searing holocaust of fire and destruction.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then the blackness behind the Universe exploded, and each particular\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 piece of blackness was the furious smoke of hell.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And the nothingness behind the blackness behind the Universe erupted, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 behind the nothingness behind the blackness behind the shattered Universe\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was at last the dark figure of an immense man speaking immense words.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93These, then,\'94 said the figure, speaking from an immensely comfortable chair,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93were the Krikkit Wars, the greatest devastation ever visited upon our Galaxy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What you have experienced ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast floated past, waving.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s just a documentary,\'94 he called out. \'93This is not a good bit. Terribly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sorry, trying to find the rewind control ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... is what billions of billions of innocent ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do not,\'94 called out Slartibartfast floating past again, and fiddling furiously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the thing that he had stuck into the wall of the Room of Informational\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Illusions and which was in fact still stuck there, \'93agree to buy anything at this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 point.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... people, creatures, your fellow beings ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Music swelled - again, it was immense music, immense chords. And behind the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 man, slowly, three tall pillars began to emerge out of the immensely swirling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mist.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... experienced, lived through - or, more often, failed to live through. Think\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of that, my friends. And let us not forget - and in just a moment I shall be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 able to suggest a way which will help us always to remember - that before the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit Wars, the Galaxy was that rare and wonderful thing a happy Galaxy!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 47\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 48\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 9.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The music was going bananas with immensity at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A Happy Galaxy, my friends, as represented by the symbol of the Wikkit\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Gate!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The three pillars stood out clearly now, three pillars topped with two cross\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pieces in a way which looked stupefyingly familiar to Arthur\'92s addled brain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The three pillars,\'94 thundered the man. \'93The Steel Pillar which represented\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Strength and Power of the Galaxy!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Searchlights seared out and danced crazy dances up and down the pillar on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the left which was, clearly, made of steel or something very like it. The music\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thumped and bellowed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Perspex Pillar,\'94 announced the man, \'93representing the forces of Science\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Reason in the Galaxy!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Other searchlights played exotically up and down the righthand, transparent\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pillar creating dazzling patterns within it and a sudden inexplicable craving\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for ice-cream in the stomach of Arthur Dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And,\'94 the thunderous voice continued, \'93the Wooden Pillar, representing ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and here his voice became just very slightly hoarse with wonderful sentiments,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93the forces of Nature and Spirituality.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The lights picked out the central pillar. The music moved bravely up into the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 realms of complete unspeakability.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Between them supporting,\'94 the voice rolled on, approaching its climax, \'93the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Golden Bail of Prosperity and the Silver Bail of Peace!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The whole structure was now flooded with dazzling lights, and the music had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now, fortunately, gone far beyond the limits of the discernible. At the top\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the three pillars the two brilliantly gleaming bails sat and dazzled. There\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed to be girls sitting on top of them, or maybe they were meant to be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 angels. Angels are usually represented as wearing more than that, though.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly there was a dramatic hush in what was presumably meant to be the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Cosmos, and a darkening of the lights.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There is not a world,\'94 thrilled the man\'92s expert voice, \'93not a civilized world\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the Galaxy where this symbol is not revered even today. Even in primitive\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 worlds it persists in racial memories. This it was that the forces of Krikkit de-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stroyed, and this it is that now locks their world away till the end of eternity!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And with a flourish, the man produced in his hands a model of the Wikkit\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gate. Scale was terribly hard to judge in this whole extraordinary spectacle,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but the model looked as if it must have been about three feet high.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Not the original key, of course. That, as everyone knows, was destroyed,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 blasted into the ever-whirling eddies of the space- time continuum and lost for\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ever. This is a remarkable replica, hand-tooled by skilled craftsmen, lovingly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 assembled using ancient craft secrets into a memento you will be proud to own,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 49\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in memory of those who fell, and in tribute to the Galaxy - our Galaxy - which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they died to defend ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast floated past again at this moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Found it,\'94 he said. \'93We can lose all this rubbish. Just don\'92t nod, that\'92s all.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now, let us bow our heads in payment,\'94 intoned the voice, and then said it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again, much faster and backwards.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Lights came and went, the pillars disappeared, the man gabled himself back-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wards into nothing, the Universe snappily reassembled itself around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You get the gist?\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m astonished,\'94 said Arthur, \'93and bewildered.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was asleep,\'94 said Ford, who floated into view at this point. \'93Did I miss\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anything?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They found themselves once again teetering rather rapidly on the edge of an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 agonizingly high cliff. The wind whipped out from their faces and across a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bay on which the remains of one of the greatest and most powerful space\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 battle-fleets ever assembled in the Galaxy was briskly burning itself back into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 existence. The sky was a sullen pink, darkening via a rather curious colour to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 blue and upwards to black. Smoke billowed down out of it at an incredible\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lick.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Events were now passing back by them almost too quickly to be distinguished,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and when, a short while later, a huge starbattle- ship rushed away from them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as if they\'92d said \'93boo\'94, they only just recognized it as the point at which they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had come in.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 But now things were too rapid, a video-tactile blur which brushed and jiggled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them through centuries of galactic history, turning, twisting, flickering. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sound was a mere thin thrill.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Periodically through the thickening jumble of events they sensed appalling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 catastrophes, deep horrors, cataclysmic shocks, and these were always asso-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ciated with certain recurring images, the only images which ever stood out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clearly from the avalance of tumbling history: a wicket gate, a small hard red\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ball, hard white robots, and also something less distinct, something dark and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cloudy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 But there was also another sensation which rose clearly out of the thrilling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 passage of time.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Just as a slow series of clicks when speeded up will lose the definition of each\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 individual click and gradually take on the quality of a sustained and rising\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tone, so a series of individual impressions here took on the quality of a sus-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tained emotion - and yet not an emotion. If it was an emotion, it was a totally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 emotionless one. It was hatred, implacable hatred. It was cold, not like ice\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is cold, but like a wall is cold. It was impersonal, not as a randomly flung\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 50\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 9.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fist in a crowd is impersonal, but like a computer-issued parking summons is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 impersonal. And it was deadly - again, not like a bullet or a knife is deadly,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but like a brick wall across a motorway is deadly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And just as a rising tone will change in character and take on harmonics as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it rises, so again, this emotionless emotion seemed to rise to an unbearable if\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unheard scream and suddenly seemed to be a scream of guilt and failure.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And suddenly it stopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were left standing on a quiet hilltop on a tranquil evening.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sun was setting.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 All around them softly undulating green countryside rolled off gently into the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 distance. Birds sang about what they thought of it all, and the general opinion\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed to be good. A little way away could be heard the sound of children\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 playing, and a little further away than the apparent source of that sound could\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be seen in the dimming evening light the outlines of a small town.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The town appeared to consist mostly of fairly low buildings made of white\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stone. The skyline was of gentle pleasing curves.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sun had nearly set.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As if out of nowhere, music began. Slartibartfast tugged at a switch and it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A voice said, \'93This ...\'94 Slartibartfast tugged at a switch and it stopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I will tell you about it,\'94 he said quietly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The place was peaceful. Arthur felt happy. Even Ford seemed cheerful. They\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 walked a short way in the direction of the town, and the Informational Illusion\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the grass was pleasant and springy under their feet, and the Informational\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Illusion of the flowers smelt sweet and fragrant. Only Slartibartfast seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 apprehensive and out of sorts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stopped and looked up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It suddenly occurred to Arthur that, coming as this did at the end, so to speak,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or rather the beginning of all the horror they had just blurredly experienced,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 something nasty must be about to happen. He was distressed to think that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 something nasty could happen to somewhere as idyllic as this. He too glanced\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up. There was nothing in the sky.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92re not about to attack here, are they?\'94 he said. He realized that this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was merely a recording he was walking through, but he still felt alarmed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nothing is about to attack here,\'94 said Slartibartfast in a voice which unex-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pectedly trembled with emotion. \'93This is where it all started. This is the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 place itself. This is Krikkit.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stared up into the sky.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sky, from one horizon to another, from east to west, from north to south,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was utterly and completely black.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 51\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 52\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 9.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 10\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stomp stomp.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whirrr.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Pleased to be of service.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shut up.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Thank you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stomp stomp stomp stomp stomp.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whirrr.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Thank you for making a simple door very happy.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hope your diodes rot.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Thank you. Have a nice day.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stomp stomp stomp stomp.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whirrr.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is my pleasure to open for you ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Zark off.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... and my satisfaction to close again with the knowledge of a job well done.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said zark off.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Thank you for listening to this message.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stomp stomp stomp stomp.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wop.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod stopped stomping. He had been stomping around the Heart of Gold\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for days, and so far no door had said \'93wop\'94 to him. He was fairly certain that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 no door had said \'93wop\'94 to him now. It was not the sort of thing doors said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Too concise. Furthermore, there were not enough doors. It sounded as if a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hundred thousand people had said \'93wop\'94, which puzzled him because he was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the only person on the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was dark. Most of the ship\'92s non-essential systems were closed down. It was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 drifting in a remote area of the Galaxy, deep in the inky blackness of space.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So which particular hundred thousand people would turn up at this point and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 53\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 54\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 say a totally unexpected \'93wop\'94?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked about him, up the corridor and down the corridor. It was all in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 deep shadow. There were just the very dim pinkish outlines of the doors\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which glowed in the dark and pulsed whenever they spoke, though he had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tried every way he could think of of stopping them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The lights were off so that his heads could avoid looking at each other, because\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 neither of them was currently a particularly engaging sight, and nor had they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been since he had made the error of looking into his soul.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It had indeed been an error. It had been late one night - of course.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It had been a difficult day - of course.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There had been soulful music playing on the ship\'92s sound system - of course.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And he had, of course, been slightly drunk.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In other words, all the usual conditions which bring on a bout of soul-searching\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had applied, but it had, nevertheless, clearly been an error.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Standing now, silent and alone in the dark corridor he remembered the mo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ment and shivered. His one head looked one way and his other the other and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 each decided that the other was the way to go.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He listened but could hear nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 All there had been was the \'93wop\'94 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It seemed an awfully long way to bring an awfully large number of people just\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to say one word.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He started nervously to edge his way in the direction of the bridge. There at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 least he would feel in control. He stopped again. The way he was feeling he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t think he was an awfully good person to be in control.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The first shock of that moment, thinking back, had been discovering that he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 actually had a soul.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In fact he\'92d always more or less assumed that he had one as he had a full\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 complement of everything else, and indeed two of somethings, but suddenly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 actually to encounter the thing lurking there deep within him had giving him\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a severe jolt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then to discover (this was the second shock) that it wasn\'92t the totally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wonderful object which he felt a man in his position had a natural right to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 expect had jolted him again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then he had thought about what his position actually was and the renewed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shock had nearly made him spill his drink. He drained it quickly before any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing serious happened to it. He then had another quick one to follow the first\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one down and check that it was all right.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Freedom,\'94 he said aloud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian came on to the bridge at that point and said several enthusiastic things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the subject of freedom.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 55\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can\'92t cope with it,\'94 he said darkly, and sent a third drink down to see why\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the second hadn\'92t yet reported on the condition of the first. He looked uncer-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tainly at both of her and preferred the one on the right.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He poured a drink down his other throat with the plan that it would head the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 previous one off at the pass, join forces with it, and together they would get\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the second to pull itself together. Then all three would go off in search of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 first, give it a good talking to and maybe a bit of a sing as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt uncertain as to whether the fourth drink had understood all that, so he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sent down a fifth to explain the plan more fully and a sixth for moral support.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re drinking too much,\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His heads collided trying to sort out the four of her he could now see into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a whole position. He gave up and looked at the navigation screen and was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 astonished to see a quite phenomenal number of stars.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Excitement and adventure and really wild things,\'94 he muttered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Look,\'94 she said in a sympathetic tone of voice, and sat down near him, \'93it\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quite understandable that you\'92re going to feel a little aimless for a bit.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He boggled at her. He had never seen anyone sit on their own lap before.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wow,\'94 he said. He had another drink.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92ve finished the mission you\'92ve been on for years.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I haven\'92t been on it. I\'92ve tried to avoid being on it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92ve still finished it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He grunted. There seemed to be a terrific party going on in his stomach.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think it finished me,\'94 he said. \'93Here I am, Zaphod Beeblebrox, I can go\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anywhere, do anything. I have the greatest ship in the know sky, a girl with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 whom things seem to be working out pretty well ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Are they?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93As far as I can tell I\'92m not an expert in personal relationships ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian raised her eyebrows.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I am,\'94 he added, \'93one hell of a guy, I can do anything I want only I just don\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have the faintest idea what.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93One thing,\'94 he further added, \'93has suddenly ceased to lead to another\'94 - in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 contradiction of which he had another drink and slid gracelessly off his chair.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whilst he slept it off, Trillian did a little research in the ship\'92s copy of The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the Galaxy. It had some advice to offer on drunken-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Go to it,\'94 it said, \'93and good luck.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was cross-referenced to the entry concerning the size of the Universe and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ways of coping with that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then she found the entry on Han Wavel, an exotic holiday planet, and one of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 56\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the wonders of the Galaxy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Han Wavel is a world which consists largely of fabulous ultra- luxury hotels\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and casinos, all of which have been formed by the natural erosion of wind and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The chances of this happening are more or less one to infinity against. Little is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 known of how this came about because none of the geophysicists, probability\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 statisticians, meteoranalysts or bizzarrologists who are so keen to research it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 can afford to stay there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Terrific, thought Trillian to herself, and within a few hours the great white\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 running-shoe ship was slowly powering down out of the sky beneath a hot bril-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 liant sun towards a brightly coloured sandy spaceport. The ship was clearly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 causing a sensation on the ground, and Trillian was enjoying herself. She heard\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod moving around and whistling somewhere in the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How are you?\'94 she said over the general intercom.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fine,\'94 he said brightly, \'93terribly well.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where are you?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In the bathroom.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What are you doing?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Staying here.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After an hour or two it became plain that he meant it and the ship returned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to the sky without having once opened its hatchway.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Heigh ho,\'94 said Eddie the Computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian nodded patiently, tapped her fingers a couple of times and pushed the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 intercom switch.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think that enforced fun is probably not what you need at this point.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Probably not,\'94 replied Zaphod from wherever he was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think a bit of physical challenge would help draw you out of yourself.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Whatever you think, I think,\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Recreational Impossibilities\'94 was a heading which caught Trillian\'92s eye when,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a short while later, she sat down to flip through the Guide again, and as the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Heart of Gold rushed at improbable speeds in an indeterminate direction, she\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sipped a cup of something undrinkable from the Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and read about how to fly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the Galaxy has this to say on the subject of flying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There is an art, it says, or rather a knack to flying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Pick a nice day, it suggests, and try it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The first part is easy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 All it requires is simply the ability to throw yourself forward with all your\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 weight, and the willingness not to mind that it\'92s going to hurt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 57\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 That is, it\'92s going to hurt if you fail to miss the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Most people fail to miss the ground, and if they are really trying properly, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 likelihood is that they will fail to miss it fairly hard.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Clearly, it\'92s the second point, the missing, which presents the difficulties.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One problem is that you have to miss the ground accidentally. It\'92s no good de-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 liberately intending to miss the ground because you won\'92t. You have to have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 your attention suddenly distracted by something else when you\'92re halfway\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there, so that you are no longer thinking about falling, or about the ground,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or about how much it\'92s going to hurt if you fail to miss it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is notoriously difficult to prise your attention away from these three things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 during the split second you have at your disposal. Hence most people\'92s fail-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ure, and their eventual disillusionment with this exhilarating and spectacular\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sport.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 If, however, you are lucky enough to have your attention momentarily dis-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tracted at the crucial moment by, say, a gorgeous pair of legs (tentacles, pseu-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dopodia, according to phyllum and/or personal inclination) or a bomb going\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off in your vicinity, or by suddenly spotting an extremely rare species of beetle\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 crawling along a nearby twig, then in your astonishment you will miss the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground completely and remain bobbing just a few inches above it in what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 might seem to be a slightly foolish manner.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This is a moment for superb and delicate concentration.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Bob and float, float and bob.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ignore all considerations of your own weight and simply let yourself waft higher.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Do not listen to what anybody says to you at this point because they are un-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 likely to say anything helpful.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They are most likely to say something along the lines of, \'93Good God, you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 can\'92t possibly be flying!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is vitally important not to believe them or they will suddenly be right.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Waft higher and higher.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Try a few swoops, gentle ones at first, then drift above the treetops breathing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 regularly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Do not wave at anybody.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When you have done this a few times you will find the moment of distraction\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rapidly becomes easier and easier to achieve.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 You will then learn all sorts of things about how to control your flight, your\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 speed, your manoeuvrability, and the trick usually lies in not thinking too\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hard about whatever you want to do, but just allowing it to happen as if it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was going to anyway.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 You will also learn how to land properly, which is something you will almost\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 certainly cock up, and cock up badly, on your first attempt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 58\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There are private flying clubs you can join which help you achieve the all-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 important moment of distraction. They hire people with surprising bodies or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 opinions to leap out from behind bushes and exhibit and/or explain them at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the crucial moments. Few genuine hitch-hikers will be able to afford to join\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 these clubs, but some may be able to get temporary employment at them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian read this longingly, but reluctantly decided that Zaphod wasn\'92t re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ally in the right frame of mind for attempting to fly, or for walking through\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mountains or for trying to get the Brantisvogan Civil Service to acknowledge\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a change-of-address card, which were the other things listed under the heading\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Recreational Impossibilities\'94 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Instead, she flew the ship to Allosimanius Syneca, a world of ice, snow, mind-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hurtling beauty and stunning cold. The trek from the snow plains of Liska to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the summit of the Ice Crystal Pyramids of Sastantua is long and gruelling, even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with jet skis and a team of Syneca Snowhounds, but the view from the top,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a view which takes in the Stin Glacier Fields, the shimmering Prism Moun-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tains and the far ethereal dancing icelights, is one which first freezes the mind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and then slowly releases it to hitherto unexperienced horizons of beauty, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian, for one, felt that she could do with a bit of having her mind slowly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 released to hitherto unexperienced horizons of beauty.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They went into a low orbit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There lay the silverwhite beauty of Allosimanius Syneca beneath them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod stayed in bed with one head stuck under a pillow and the other doing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 crosswords till late into the night.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian nodded patiently again, counted to a sufficiently high number, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 told herself that the important thing now was just to get Zaphod talking.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She prepared, by dint of deactivating all the robot kitchen synthomatics, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 most fabulously delicious meal she could contrive - delicately oiled meals,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 scented fruits, fragrant cheeses, fine Aldebaran wines.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She carried it through to him and asked if he felt like talking things through.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Zark off,\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian nodded patiently to herself, counted to an even higher number, tossed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the tray lightly aside, walked to the transport room and just teleported herself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the hell out of his life.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She didn\'92t even programme any coordinates, she hadn\'92t the faintest idea where\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 she was going, she just went - a random row of dots flowing through the Uni-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 verse.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Anything,\'94 she said to herself as she left, \'93is better than this.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good job too,\'94 muttered Zaphod to himself, turned over and failed to go to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sleep.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The next day he restlessly paced the empty corridors of the ship, pretending\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 59\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not to look for her, though he knew she wasn\'92t there. He ignored the com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 puter\'92s querulous demands to know just what the hell was going on around\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 here by fitting a small electronic gag across a pair of its terminals.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After a while he began to turn down the lights. There was nothing to see.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nothing was about to happen.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Lying in bed one night - and night was now virtually continuous on the ship -\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he decided to pull himself together, to get things into some kind of perspective.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He sat up sharply and started to pull clothes on. He decided that there must\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be someone in the Universe feeling more wretched, miserable and forsaken than\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 himself, and he determined to set out and find him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Halfway to the bridge it occurred to him that it might be Marvin, and he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 returned to bed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a few hours later than this, as he stomped disconsolately about the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 darkened corridors swearing at cheerful doors, that he heard the \'93wop\'94 said,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and it made him very nervous.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leant tensely against the corridor wall and frowned like a man trying to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unbend a corkscrew by telekinesis. He laid his fingertips against the wall and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 felt an unusual vibration. And now he could quite clearly hear slight noises,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and could hear where they were coming from - they were coming from the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bridge.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Computer?\'94 he hissed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmm?\'94 said the computer terminal nearest him, equally quietly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Is there someone on this ship?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm,\'94 said the computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Who is it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Mmmmm mmm mmmmm,\'94 said the computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm mmmm mm mmmmmmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphocl buried one of his faces in two of his hands.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, Zarquon,\'94 he muttered to himself. Then he stared up the corridor to-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wards the entrance to the bridge in the dim distance from which more and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 purposeful noises were coming, and in which the gagged terminals were situ-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ated.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Computer,\'94 he hissed again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93When I ungag you ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Remind me to punch myself in the mouth.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm mmm?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Either one. Now just tell me this. One for yes, two for no. Is it dangerous?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 60\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You didn\'92t just go \'91mmmm\'92 twice?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmmm mmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hmmmm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He inched his way up the corridor as if he would rather be yarding his way\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down it, which was true.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was within two yards of the door to the bridge when he suddenly realized\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to his horror that it was going to be nice to him, and he stopped dead. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hadn\'92t been able to turn off the doors\'92 courtesy voice circuits.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This doorway to the bridge was concealed from view within it because of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 excitingly chunky way in which the bridge had been designed to curve round,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and he had been hoping to enter unobserved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leant despondently back against the wall again and said some words which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his other head was quite shocked to hear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He peered at the dim pink outline of the door, and discovered that in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 darkness of the corridor he could just about make out the Sensor Field which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 extended out into the corridor and told the door when there was someone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there for whom it must open and to whom it must make a cheery and pleasant\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 remark.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He pressed himself hard back against the wall and edged himself towards the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 door, flattening his chest as much as he possibly could to avoid brushing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 against the very, very dim perimeter of the field. He held his breath, and con-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gratulated himself on having lain in bed sulking for the last few days rather\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 than trying to work out his feelings on chest expanders in the ship\'92s gym.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He then realized he was going to have to speak at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took a series of very shallow breaths, and then said as quickly and as qui-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 etly as he could, \'93Door, if you can hear me, say so very, very quietly.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Very, very quietly, the door murmured, \'93I can hear you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good. Now, in a moment, I\'92m going to ask you to open. When you open I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 do not want you to say that you enjoyed it, OK?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I don\'92t want you to say to me that I have made a simple door very\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 happy, or that it is your pleasure to open for me and your satisfaction to close\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again with the knowledge of a job well done, OK?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I do not want you to ask me to have a nice day, understand?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I understand.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 said Zaphod, tensing himself, \'93open now.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 61\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The door slid open quietly. Zaphod slipped quietly through. The door closed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quietly behind him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Is that the way you like it, Mr Beeblebrox?\'94 said the door out loud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I want you to imagine,\'94 said Zaphod to the group of white robots who swung\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 round to stare at him at that point, \'93that I have an extremely powerful Kill-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 O-Zap blaster pistol in my hand.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was an immensely cold and savage silence. The robots regarded him\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with hideously dead eyes. They stood very still. There was something in-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tensely macabre about their appearance, especially to Zaphod who had never\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seen one before or even known anything about them. The Krikkit Wars be-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 longed to the ancient past of the Galaxy, and Zaphod had spent most of his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 early history lessons plotting how he was going to have sex with the girl in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the cybercubicle next to him, and since his teaching computer had been an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 integral part of this plot it had eventually had all its history circuits wiped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and replaced with an entirely different set of ideas which had then resulted in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it being scrapped and sent to a home for Degenerate Cybermats, whither it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was followed by the girl who had inadvertently fallen deeply in love with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unfortunate machine, with the result (a) that Zaphod never got near her and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (b) that he missed out on a period of ancient history that would have been of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 inestimable value to him at this moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stared at them in shock.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was impossible to explain why, but their smooth and sleek white bodies\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed to be the utter embodiment of clean, clinical evil. From their hideously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dead eyes to their powerful lifeless feet, they were clearly the calculated prod-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 uct of a mind that wanted simply to kill. Zaphod gulped in cold fear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They had been dismantling part of the rear bridge wall, and had forced a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 passage through some of the vital innards of the ship. Through the tangled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wreckage Zaphod could see, with a further and worse sense of shock, that they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were tunnelling towards the very heart of the ship, the heart of the Improba-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bility Drive that had been so mysteriously created out of thin air, the Heart\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Gold itself.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The robot closest to him was regarding him in such a way as to suggest that it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was measuring every smallest particle of his body, mind and capability. And\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 when it spoke, what it said seemed to bear this impression out. Before going on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to what it actually said, it is worth recording at this point that Zaphod was the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 first living organic being to hear one of these creatures speak for something\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over ten billion years. If he had paid more attention to his ancient history\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lessons and less to his organic being, he might have been more impressed by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this honour.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The robot\'92s voice was like its body, cold, sleek and lifeless. It had almost a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 62\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cultured rasp to it. It sounded as ancient as it was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It said, \'93You do have a Kill-O-Zap blaster pistol in your hand.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod didn\'92t know what it meant for a moment, but then he glanced down\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at his own hand and was relieved to see that what he had found clipped to a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wall bracket was indeed what he had thought it was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah,\'94 he said in a kind of relieved sneer, which is quite tricky, \'93well, I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wouldn\'92t want to overtax your imagination, robot.\'94 For a while nobody said\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anything, and Zaphod realized that the robots were obviously not here to make\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 conversation, and that it was up to him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can\'92t help noticing that you have parked your ship,\'94 he said with a nod of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one of his heads in the appropriate direction, \'93through mine.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was no denying this. Without regard for any kind of proper dimensional\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 behaviour they had simply materialized their ship precisely where they wanted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it to be, which meant that it was simply locked through the Heart of Gold as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if they were nothing more than two combs.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Again, they made no response to this, and Zaphod wondered if the conversa-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion would gather any momentum if he phrased his part of it in the form of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 questions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... haven\'92t you?\'94 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 replied the robot.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, OK,\'94 said Zaphod. \'93So what are you cats doing here?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Robots,\'94 said Zaphod, \'93what are you robots doing here?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We have come,\'94 rasped the robot, \'93for the Gold of the Bail.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod nodded. He waggled his gun to invite further elaboration. The robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed to understand this.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Gold Bail is part of the Key we seek,\'94 continued the robot, \'93to release\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 our Masters from Krikkit.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod nodded again. He waggled his gun again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Key,\'94 continued the robot simply, \'93was disintegrated in time and space.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Golden Bail is embedded in the device which drives your ship. It will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be reconstituted in the Key. Our Masters shall be released. The Universal\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Readjustment will continue.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod nodded again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What are you talking about?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A slightly pained expression seemed to cross the robot\'92s totally expressionless\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 face. He seemed to be finding the conversation depressing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Obliteration,\'94 it said. \'93We seek the Key,\'94 it repeated, \'93we already have the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wooden Pillar, the Steel Pillar and the Perspex Pillar. In a moment we will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have the Gold Bail ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 63\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No you won\'92t.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We will,\'94 stated the robot.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No you won\'92t. It makes my ship work.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In a moment,\'94 repeated the robot patiently, \'93we will have the Gold Bail ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You will not,\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And then we must go,\'94 said the robot, in all seriousness, \'93to a party.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh,\'94 said Zaphod, startled. \'93Can I come?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said the robot. \'93We are going to shoot you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh yeah?\'94 said Zaphod, waggling his gun.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said the robot, and they shot him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod was so surprised that they had to shoot him again before he fell down.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 64\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 10.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 11\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shhh,\'94 said Slartibartfast. \'93Listen and watch.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Night had now fallen on ancient Krikkit. The sky was dark and empty. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only light was coming from the nearby town, from which pleasant convivial\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sounds were drifting quietly on the breeze. They stood beneath a tree from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which heady fragrances wafted around them. Arthur squatted and felt the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Informational Illusion of the soil and the grass. He ran it through his fingers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The soil seemed heavy and rich, the grass strong. It was hard to avoid the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 impression that this was a thoroughly delightful place in all respects.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sky was, however, extremely blank and seemed to Arthur to cast a cer-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tain chill over the otherwise idyllic, if currently invisible, landscape. Still, he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 supposed, it\'92s a question of what you\'92re used to.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt a tap on his shoulder and looked up. Slartibartfast was quietly direct-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing his attention to something down the other side of the hill. He looked and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 could just see some faint lights dancing and waving, and moving slowly in their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 direction.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As they came nearer, sounds became audible too, and soon the dim lights and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 noises resolved themselves into a small group of people who were walking home\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 across the hill towards the town.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They walked quite near the watchers beneath the tree, swinging lanterns which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 made soft and crazy lights dance among the trees and grass, chattering con-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tentedly, and actually singing a song about how terribly nice everything was,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 how happy they were, how much they enjoyed working on the farm, and how\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pleasant it was to be going home to see their wives and children, with a lilting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chorus to the effect that the flowers were smelling particularly nice at this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time of year and that it was a pity the dog had died seeing as it liked them so\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 much. Arthur could almost imagine Paul McCartney sitting with his feet up\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by the fire on evening, humming it to Linda and wondering what to buy with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the proceeds, and thinking probably Essex.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 65\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 66\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 11.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Masters of Krikkit,\'94 breathed Slartibartfast in sepulchral tones.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Coming, as it did, so hard upon the heels of his own thoughts about Essex this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 remark caused Arthur a moment\'92s confusion. Then the logic of the situation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 imposed itself on his scattered mind, and he discovered that he still didn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 understand what the old man meant.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Masters of Krikkit,\'94 said Slartibartfast again, and if his breathing had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been sepulchral before, this time he sounded like someone in Hades with bron-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chitis.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur peered at the group and tried to make sense of what little information\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had at his disposal at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The people in the group were clearly alien, if only because they seemed a lit-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tle tall, thin, angular and almost as pale as to be white, but otherwise they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 appeared remarkably pleasant; a little whimsical perhaps, one wouldn\'92t neces-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sarily want to spend a long coach journey with them, but the point was that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if they deviated in any way from being good straightforward people it was in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 being perhaps too nice rather than not nice enough. So why all this rasping\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lungwork from Slartibartfast which would seem more appropriate to a radio\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 commercial for one of those nasty films about chainsaw operators taking their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 work home with them?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then, this Krikkit angle was a tough one, too. He hadn\'92t quite fathomed the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 connection between what he knew as cricket, and what ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast interrupted his train of thought at this point as if sensing what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was going through his mind.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The game you know as cricket,\'94 he said, and his voice still seemed to be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wandering lost in subterranean passages, \'93is just one of those curious freaks of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 racial memory which can keep images alive in the mind aeons after their true\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 significance has been lost in the mists of time. Of all the races on the Galaxy,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only the English could possibly revive the memory of the most horrific wars\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ever to sunder the Universe and transform it into what I\'92m afraid is generally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 regarded as an incomprehensibly dull and pointless game.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Rather fond of it myself,\'94 he added, \'93but in most people\'92s eyes you have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been inadvertently guilty of the most grotesque bad taste. Particularly the bit\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about the little red ball hitting the wicket, that\'92s very nasty.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Um,\'94 said Arthur with a reflective frown to indicate that his cognitive synapses\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were coping with this as best as they could, \'93um.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And these,\'94 said Slartibartfast, slipping back into crypt guttural and indicat-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing the group of Krikkit men who had now walked past them, \'93are the ones\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 who started it all, and it will start tonight. Come, we will follow, and see\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 why.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 67\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They slipped out from underneath the tree, and followed the cheery party along\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the dark hill path. Their natural instinct was to tread quietly and stealthily\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in pursuit of their quarry, though, as they were simply walking through a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 recorded Informational Illusion, they could as easily have been wearing eupho-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 niums and woad for all the notice their quarry would have taken of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur noticed that a couple of members of the party were now singing a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 different song. It came lilting back to them through the soft night air, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was a sweet romantic ballad which would have netted McCartney Kent and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Sussex and enabled him to put in a fair offer for Hampshire.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You must surely know,\'94 said Slartibartfast to Ford, \'93what it is that is about\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to happen?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Me?\'94 said Ford. \'93No.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Did you not learn Ancient Galactic History when you were a child?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was in the cybercubicle behind Zaphod,\'94 said Ford, \'93it was very distracting.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Which isn\'92t to say that I didn\'92t learn some pretty stunning things.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At this point Arthur noticed a curious feature to the song that the party were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 singing. The middle eight bridge, which would have had McCartney firmly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 consolidated in Winchester and gazing intently over the Test Valley to the rich\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pickings of the New Forest beyond, had some curious lyrics. The songwriter\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was referring to meeting with a girl not \'93under the moon\'94 or \'93beneath the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stars\'94 but \'93above the grass\'94, which struck Arthur a little prosaic. Then he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 looked up again at the bewildering black sky, and had the distinct feeling that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there was an important point here, if only he could grasp what it was. It gave\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him a feeling of being alone in the Universe, and he said so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Slartibartfast, with a slight quickening of his step, \'93the people of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit have never thought to themselves \'91We are alone in the Universe.\'92 They\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 are surrounded by a huge Dust Cloud, you see, their single sun with its single\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 world, and they are right out on the utmost eastern edge of the Galaxy. Be-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cause of the Dust Cloud there has never been anything to see in the sky. At\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 night it is totally blank, During the day there is the sun, but you can\'92t look\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 directly at that so they don\'92t. They are hardly aware of the sky. It\'92s as if they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had a blind spot which extended 180 degrees from horizon to horizon.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You see, the reason why they have never thought \'91We are alone in the Uni-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 verse\'92 is that until tonight they don\'92t know about the Universe. Until tonight.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He moved on, leaving the words ringing in the air behind him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Imagine,\'94 he said, \'93never even thinking \'91We are alone\'92 simply because it has\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 never occurred to you to think that there\'92s any other way to be.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He moved on again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m afraid this is going to be a little unnerving,\'94 he added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As he spoke, they became aware of a very thin roaring scream high up in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 68\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 11.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sightless sky above them. They glanced upwards in alarm, but for a moment\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or two could see nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then Arthur noticed that the people in the party in front of them had heard\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the noise, but that none of them seemed to know what to so with it. They were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 glancing around themselves in consternation, left, right, forwards, backwards,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 even at the ground. It never occurred to them to look upwards.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The profoundness of the shock and horror they emanated a few moments later\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 when the burning wreckage of a spaceship came hurtling and screaming out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the sky and crashed about half a mile from where they were standing was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 something that you had to be there to experience.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Some speak of the Heart of Gold in hushed tones, some of the Starship Bistro-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 math.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Many speak of the legendary and gigantic Starship Titanic, a majestic and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 luxurious cruise-liner launched from the great shipbuilding asteroid complexes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Artifactovol some hundreds of years ago now, and with good reason.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was sensationally beautiful, staggeringly huge, and more pleasantly equipped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 than any ship in what now remains of history (see note below on the Cam-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 paign for Real Time) but it had the misfortune to be built in the very earliest\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 days of Improbability Physics, long before this difficult and cussed branch of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 knowledge was fully, or at all, understood.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The designers and engineers decided, in their innocence, to build a prototype\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Improbability Field into it, which was meant, supposedly, to ensure that it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Infinitely Improbable that anything would ever go wrong with any part of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They did not realize that because of the quasi-reciprocal and circular nature\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of all Improbability calculations, anything that was Infinitely Improbable was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 actually very likely to happen almost immediately.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Starship Titanic was a monstrously pretty sight as it lay beached like a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silver Arcturan Megavoidwhale amongst the laser- lit tracery of its construc-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion gantries, a brilliant cloud of pins and needles of light against the deep\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 interstellar blackness; but when launched, it did not even manage to complete\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 its very first radio message - an SOS - before undergoing a sudden and gratu-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 itous total existence failure.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 However, the same event which saw the disastrous failure of one science in its\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 infancy also witnessed the apotheosis of another. It was conclusively proven\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that more people watched the tri-d coverage of the launch than actually existed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at the time, and this has now been recognized as the greatest achievement ever\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the science of audience research.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Another spectacular media event of that time was the supernova which the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 star Ysllodins underwent a few hours later. Ysllodins is the star around which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 69\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 most of the Galaxy\'92s major insurance underwriters live, or rather lived.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 But whilst these spaceships, and other great ones which come to mind, such\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as the Galactic Fleet Battleships - the GSS Daring, the GSS Audacy and the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 GSS Suicidal Insanity - are all spoken of with awe, pride, enthusiasm, affection,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 admiration, regret, jealousy, resentment, in fact most of the better known emo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tions, the one which regularly commands the most actual astonishment was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit One, the first spaceship ever built by the people of Krikkit. This is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not because it was a wonderful ship. It wasn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a crazy piece of near junk. It looked as if it had been knocked up in some-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 body\'92s backyard, and this was in fact precisely where it had been knocked up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The astonishing thing about the ship was not that it was one well (it wasn\'92t)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but that it was done at all. The period of time which had elapsed between the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moment that the people of Krikkit had discovered that there was such a thing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as space and the launching of their first spaceship was almost exactly a year.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford Prefect was extremely grateful, as he strapped himself in, that this was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 just another Informational Illusion, and that he was therefore completely safe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In real life it wasn\'92t a ship he would have set foot in for all the rice wine in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 China. \'93Extremely rickety\'94 was one phrase which sprang to mind, and \'93Please\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 may I get out?\'94 was another.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This is going to fly?\'94 said Arthur, giving gaunt looks, at the lashed-together\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pipework and wiring which festooned the cramped interior of the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast assured him that it would, that they were perfectly safe and that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it was all going to be extremely instructive and not a little harrowing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Arthur decided just to relax and be harrowed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why not,\'94 said Ford, \'93go mad?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In front of them and, of course, totally unaware of their presence for the very\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 good reason that they weren\'92t actually there, were the three pilots. They had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 also constructed the ship. They had been on the hill path that night singing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wholesome heartwarming songs. Their brains had been very slightly turned by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the nearby crash of the alien spaceship. They had spent weeks stripping every\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tiniest last secret out of the wreckage of that burnt-up spaceship, all the while\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 singing lilting spaceship- stripping ditties. They had then built their own ship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and this was it. This was their ship, and they were currently singing a little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 song about that too, expressing the twin joys of achievement and ownership.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The chorus was a little poignant, and told of their sorrow that their work had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 kept them such long hours in the garage, away from the company of their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wives and children, who had missed them terribly but had kept them cheerful\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by bringing them continual stories of how nicely the puppy was growing up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Pow, they took off.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They roared into the sky like a ship that knew precisely what it was doing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 70\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 11.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No way,\'94 said Ford a while later after they had recovered from the shock of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 acceleration, and were climbing up out of the planet\'92s atmosphere, \'93no way,\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he repeated, \'93does anyone design and build a ship like this in a year, no matter\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 how motivated. I don\'92t believe it. Prove it to me and I still won\'92t believe it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He shook his head thoughtfully and gazed out of a tiny port at the nothingness\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 outside it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The trip passed uneventfully for a while, and Slartibartfast fastwound them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Very quickly, therefore, they arrived at the inner perimeter of the hollow, spher-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ical Dust Cloud which surrounded their sun and home planet, occupying, as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it were, the next orbit out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was more as if there was a gradual change in the texture and consistency\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of space. The darkness seemed now to thrum and ripple past them. It was a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very cold darkness, a very blank and heavy darkness, it was the darkness of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the night sky of Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The coldness and heaviness and blankness of it took a slow grip on Arthur\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heart, and he felt acutely aware of the feelings of the Krikkit pilots which hung\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the air like a thick static charge. They were now on the very boundary of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 historical knowledge of their race. This was the very limit beyond which none\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of them had ever speculated, or even known that there was any speculation to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be done.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The darkness of the cloud buffeted at the ship. Inside was the silence of history.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Their historic mission was to find out if there was anything or anywhere on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the other side of the sky, from which the wrecked spaceship could have come,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 another world maybe, strange and incomprehensible though this thought was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to the enclosed minds of those who had lived beneath the sky of Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 History was gathering itself to deliver another blow.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Still the darkness thrummed at them, the blank enclosing darkness. It seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 closer and closer, thicker and thicker, heavier and heavier. And suddenly it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was gone.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They flew out of the cloud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They saw the staggering jewels of the night in their infinite dust and their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 minds sang with fear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a while they flew on, motionless against the starry sweep of the Galaxy,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 itself motionless against the infinite sweep of the Universe. And then they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 turned round.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92ll have to go,\'94 the men of Krikkit said as they headed back for home.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 On the way back they sang a number of tuneful and reflective songs on the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 subjects of peace, justice, morality, culture, sport, family life and the obliter-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ation of all other life forms.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 71\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 72\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 11.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 12\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So you see,\'94 said Slartibartfast, slowly stirring his artificially constructed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 coffee, and thereby also stirring the whirlpool interfaces between real and un-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 real numbers, between the interactive perceptions of mind and Universe, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thus generating the restructured matrices of implicitly enfolded subjectivity\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which allowed his ship to reshape the very concept of time and space, \'93how it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What do I do,\'94 said Arthur, \'93with this piece of chicken?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast glanced at him gravely.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Toy with it,\'94 he said, \'93toy with it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He demonstrated with his own piece.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur did so, and felt the slight tingle of a mathematical function thrilling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through the chicken leg as it moved four- dimensionally through what Slart-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ibartfast had assured him was five-dimensional space.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Overnight,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93the whole population of Krikkit was trans-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 formed from being charming, delightful, intelligent ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... if whimsical ...\'94 interpolated Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... ordinary people,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93into charming, delightful, intelligent\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... whimsical ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... manic xenophobes. The idea of a Universe didn\'92t fit into their world\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 picture, so to speak. They simply couldn\'92t cope with it. And so, charmingly,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 delightfully, intelligently, whimsically if you like, they decided to destroy it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What\'92s the matter now?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t like the wine very much,\'94 said Arthur sniffing it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, send it back. It\'92s all part of the mathematics of it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur did so. He didn\'92t like the topography of the waiter\'92s smile, but he\'92d\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 73\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 74\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 12.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 never liked graphs anyway.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where are we going?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Back to the Room of Informational Illusions,\'94 said Slartibartfast, rising and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 patting his mouth with the mathematical representation of a paper napkin,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93for the second half.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 13\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The people of Krikkit,\'94 said His High Judgmental Supremacy, Judiciary Pag,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 LIVR (the Learned, Impartial and Very Relaxed) Chairman of the Board of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Judges at the Krikkit War Crimes Trial, \'93are, well, you know, they\'92re just a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bunch of real sweet guys, you know, who just happen to want to kill everybody.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hell, I feel the same way some mornings. Shit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 he continued, swinging his feet up on to the bench in front of him and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pausing a moment to pick a thread off his Ceremonial Beach Loafers, \'93so you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wouldn\'92t necessarily want to share a Galaxy with these guys.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This was true.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Krikkit attack on the Galaxy had been stunning. Thousands and thou-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sands of huge Krikkit warships had leapt suddenly out of hyperspace and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 simultaneously attacked thousands and thousands of major worlds, first seiz-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing vital material supplies for building the next wave, and then calmly zapping\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 those worlds out of existence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Galaxy, which had been enjoying a period of unusual peace and prosperity\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at the time, reeled like a man getting mugged in a meadow.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I mean,\'94 continued Judiciary Pag, gazing round the ultra-modern (this was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ten billion years ago, when \'93ultra-modern\'94 meant lots of stainless steel and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 brushed concrete) and huge courtroom, \'93these guys are just obsessed.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This too was true, and is the only explanation anyone has yet managed to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 come up with for the unimaginable speed with which the people of Krikkit\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had pursued their new and absolute purpose - the destruction of everything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that wasn\'92t Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is also the only explanation for their bewildering sudden grasp of all the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hypertechnology involved in building their thousands of spaceships, and their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 millions of lethal white robots.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 These had really struck terror into the hearts of everyone who had encoun-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tered them - in most cases, however, the terror was extremely short-lived,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 75\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 76\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 13.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as was the person experiencing the terror. They were savage, single-minded\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flying battle machines. They wielded formidable multifunctional battleclubs\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which, brandished one way, would knock down buildings and, brandished an-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other way, fired blistering Omni-Destructo Zap Rays and, brandished a third\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way, launched a hideous arsenal of grenades, ranging from minor incendiary\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 devices to Maxi-Slorta Hypernuclear Devices which could take out a major\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sun. Simply striking the grenades with the battleclubs simultaneously primed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them, and launched them with phenomenal accuracy over distances ranging\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from mere yards to hundreds of thousands of miles.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 said Judiciary Pag again, \'93so we won.\'94 He paused and chewed a little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gum. \'93We won,\'94 he repeated, \'93but that\'92s no big deal. I mean a medium-sized\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 galaxy against one little world, and how long did it take us? Clerk of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Court?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93M\'92lud?\'94 said the severe little man in black, rising.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How long, kicldo?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is a trifle difficult, m\'92lud, to be precise in this matter. Time and distance\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 V\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Relax, guy, be vague.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I hardly like to be vague, m\'92lud, over such a ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Bite the bullet and be it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Clerk of the Court blinked at him. It was clear that like most of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Galactic legal profession he found Judiciary Pag (or Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108, as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his private name was known, inexplicably, to be) a rather distressing figure.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was clearly a bounder and a cad. He seemed to think that the fact that he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was the possessor of the finest legal mind ever discovered gave him the right\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to behave exactly as he liked, and unfortunately he appeared to be right.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, well, m\'92lud, very approximately, two thousand years,\'94 the Clerk mur-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mured unhappily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And how many guys zilched out?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Two grillion, m\'92lud.\'94 The Clerk sat down. A hydrospectic photo of him at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this point would have revealed that he was steaming slightly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Judiciary Pag gazed once more around the courtroom, wherein were assembled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hundreds of the very highest officials of the entire Galactic administration, all\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in their ceremonial uniforms or bodies, depending on metabolism and custom.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Behind a wall of Zap-Proof Crystal stood a representative group of the people\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Krikkit, looking with calm, polite loathing at all the aliens gathered to pass\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 judgment on them. This was the most momentous occasion in legal history,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Judiciary Pag knew it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took out his chewing gum and stuck it under his chair.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That\'92s a whole lotta stiffs,\'94 he said quietly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 77\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The grim silence in the courtroom seemed in accord with this view.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So, like I said, these are a bunch of really sweet guys, but you wouldn\'92t want\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to share a Galaxy with them, not if they\'92re just gonna keep at it, not if they\'92re\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not gonna learn to relax a little. I mean it\'92s just gonna be continual nervous\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time, isn\'92t it, right? Pow, pow, pow, when are they next coming at us? Peace-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ful coexistence is just right out, right? Get me some water somebody, thank\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He sat back and sipped reflectively.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 he said, \'93hear me, hear me. It\'92s, like, these guys, you know, are en-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 titled to their own view of the Universe. And according to their view, which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Universe forced on them, right, they did right. Sounds crazy, but I think\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you\'92ll agree. They believe in ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He consulted a piece of paper which he found in the back pocket of his Judicial\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 jeans.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They believe in \'91peace, justice, morality, culture, sport, family life, and the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 obliteration of all other life forms\'92.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He shrugged.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ve heard a lot worse,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He scratched his crotch reflectively.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Freeeow,\'94 he said. He took another sip of water, then held it up to the light\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and frowned at it. He twisted it round.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, is there something in this water?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, no, m\'92lud,\'94 said the Court Usher who had brought it to him, rather ner-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 vously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then take it away,\'94 snapped Judiciary Pag, \'93and put something in it. I got\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 an idea.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He pushed away the glass and leaned forward.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hear me, hear me,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The solution was brilliant, and went like this:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The planet of Krikkit was to be enclosed for perpetuity in an envelope of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slo-Time, inside which life would continue almost infinitely slowly. All light\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would be deflected round the envelope so that it would remain invisible and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 impenetrable. Escape from the envelope would be utterly impossible unless it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were locked from the outside.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When the rest of the Universe came to its final end, when the whole of creation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reached its dying fall (this was all, of course, in the days before it was known\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that the end of the Universe would be a spectacular catering venture) and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 life and matter ceased to exist, then the planet of Krikkit and its sun would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 emerge from its Slo-Time envelope and continue a solitary existence, such as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it craved, in the twilight of the Universal void.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 78\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 13.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Lock would be on an asteroid which would slowly orbit the envelope.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The key would be the symbol of the Galaxy - the Wikkit Gate.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 By the time the applause in the court had died down, Judiciary Pag was al-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ready in the Sens-O-Shower with a rather nice member of the jury that he\'92d\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 slipped a note to half an hour earlier.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 14\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Two months later, Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108 had cut the bottoms off his Galactic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 State jeans, and was spending part of the enormous fee his judgments com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manded lying on a jewelled beach having Essence of Qualactin rubbed into his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 back by the same rather nice member of the jury. She was a Soolfinian girl\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from beyond the Cloudworlds of Yaga. She had skin like lemon silk and was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very interested in legal bodies.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Did you hear the news?\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Weeeeelaaaaah!\'94 said Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108, and you would have had to have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been there to know exactly why he said this. None of this was on the tape of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Informational Illusions, and is all based on hearsay.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 he added, when the thing that had made him say \'93Weeeeelaaaaah\'94 had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stopped happening. He moved his body round slightly to catch the first rays\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the third and greatest of primeval Vod\'92s three suns which was now creeping\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over the ludicrously beautiful horizon, and the sky now glittered with some of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the greatest tanning power ever known.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A fragrant breeze wandered up from the quiet sea, trailed along the beach,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and drifted back to sea again, wondering where to go next. On a mad impulse\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it went up to the beach again. It drifted back to sea.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I hope it isn\'92t good news,\'94 muttered Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108, \'92\'93cos I don\'92t think\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I could bear it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Your Krikkit judgment was carried out today,\'94 said the girl sumptuously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was no need to say such a straightforward thing sumptuously, but she\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 went ahead and did it anyway because it was that sort of day. \'93I heard it on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the radio,\'94 she said, \'93when I went back to the ship for the oil.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Uhuh,\'94 muttered Zipo and rested his head back on the jewelled sand.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Something happened,\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Mmrnrn?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just after the Slo-Time envelope was locked,\'94 she said, and paused a moment\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 79\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 80\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 14.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from rubbing in the Essence of Qualactin, \'93a Krikkit warship which had been\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 missing presumed destroyed turned out to be just missing after all. It appeared\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and tried to seize the Key.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zipo sat up sharply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, what?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93it\'92s all right,\'94 she said in a voice which would have calmed the Big Bang\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down. \'93Apparently there was a short battle. The Key and the warship were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 disintegrated and blasted into the space-time continuum. Apparently they are\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lost for ever.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She smiled, and ran a little more Essence of Qualactin on to her fingertips.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He relaxed and lay back down.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do what you did a moment or two ago,\'94 he murmured.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That?\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No, no,\'94 he said, \'93that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She tried again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That?\'94 she asked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Weeeeelaaaaah!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Again, you had to be there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The fragrant breeze drifted up from the sea again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A magician wandered along the beach, but no one needed him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 15\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nothing is lost for ever,\'94 said Slartibartfast, his face flickering redly in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 light of the candle which the robot waiter was trying to take away, \'93except for\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Cathedral of Chalesm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The what?\'94 said Arthur with a start.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Cathedral of Chalesm,\'94 repeated Slartibartfast. \'93It was during the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 course of my researches at the Campaign for Real Time that I ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The what?\'94 said Arthur again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The old man paused and gathered his thoughts, for what he hoped would be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one last onslaught on his story. The robot waiter moved through the space-time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 matrices in a way which spectacularly combined the surly with the obsequious,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 made a snatch for the candle and got it. They had had the bill, had argued\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 convincingly about who had had the cannelloni and how many bottles of wine\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they had had, and, as Arthur had been dimly aware, had thereby successfully\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manoeuvred the ship out of subjective space and into a parking orbit round\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a strange planet. The waiter was now anxious to complete his part of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 charade and clear the bistro.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All will become clear,\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93When?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In a minute. Listen. The time streams are now very polluted. There\'92s a lot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of muck floating about in them, flotsam and jetsam, and more and more of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it is now being regurgitated into the physical world. Eddies in the space-time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 continuum, you see.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So I hear,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Look, where are we going?\'94 said Ford, pushing his chair back from the table\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with impatience. \'93Because I\'92m eager to get there.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We are going,\'94 said Slartibartfast in a slow, measured voice, \'93to try to pre-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 vent the war robots of Krikkit from regaining the whole of the Key they need\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to unlock the planet of Krikkit from the Slo-Time envelope and release the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 81\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 82\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 15.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rest of their army and their mad Masters.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s just,\'94 said Ford, \'93that you mentioned a party.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I did,\'94 said Slartibartfast, and hung his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He realized that it had been a mistake, because the idea seemed to exercise a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strange and unhealthy fascination on the mind of Ford Prefect. The more that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast unravelled the dark and tragic story of Krikkit and its people,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the more Ford Prefect wanted to drink a lot and dance with girls.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The old man felt that he should not have mentioned the party until he ab-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 solutely had to. But there it was, the fact was out, and Ford Prefect had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 attached himself to it the way an Arcturan Megaleach attaches itself to its\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 victim before biting his head off and making off with his spaceship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93When,\'94 said Ford eagerly, \'93do we get there?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93When I\'92ve finished telling you why we have to go there.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know why I\'92m going,\'94 said Ford, and leaned back, sticking his hands behind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his head. He gave one of his smiles which made people twitch.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast had hoped for an easy retirement.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had been planning to learn to play the octraventral heebiephone - a pleas-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 antly futile task, he knew, because he had the wrong number of mouths.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had also been planning to write an eccentric and relentlessly inaccurate\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 monograph on the subject of equatorial fjords in order to set the record wrong\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about one or two matters he saw as important.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Instead, he had somehow got talked into doing some part-time work for the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Campaign for Real Time and had started to take it all seriously for the first\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time in his life. As a result he now found himself spending his fast-declining\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years combating evil and trying to save the Galaxy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He found it exhausting work and sighed heavily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Listen,\'94 he said, \'93at Camtim ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Campaign for Real Time, which I will tell you about later. I noticed that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 five pieces of jetsam which had in relatively recent times plopped back into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 existence seemed to correspond to the five pieces of the missing Key. Only\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 two I could trace exactly - the Wooden Pillar, which appeared on your planet,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the Silver Bail. It seems to be at some sort of party. We must go there to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 retrieve it before the Krikkit robots find it, or who knows what may hap?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Ford firmly. \'93We must go to the party in order to drink a lot and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dance with girls.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But haven\'92t you understood everything I ...?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Ford, with a sudden and unexpected fierceness, \'93I\'92ve understood\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it all perfectly well. That\'92s why I want to have as many drinks and dance with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as many girls as possible while there are still any left. If everything you\'92ve\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 83\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shown us is true ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93True? Of course it\'92s true.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... then we don\'92t stand a whelk\'92s chance in a supernova.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A what?\'94 said Arthur sharply again. He had been following the conversation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doggedly up to this point, and was keen not to lose the thread now.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A whelk\'92s chance in a supernova,\'94 repeated Ford without losing momentum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What\'92s a whelk got to do with a supernova?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It doesn\'92t,\'94 said Ford levelly, \'93stand a chance in one.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused to see if the matter was now cleared up. The freshly puzzled looks\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clambering across Arthur\'92s face told him that it wasn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A supernova,\'94 said Ford as quickly and as clearly as he could, \'93is a star which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 explodes at almost half the speed of light and burns with the brightness of a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 billion suns and then collapses as a super-heavy neutron star. It\'92s a star which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 burns up other stars, got it? Nothing stands a chance in a supernova.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I see,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So why a whelk particularly?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why not a whelk? Doesn\'92t matter.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur accepted this, and Ford continued, picking up his early fierce momen-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tum as best he could.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The point is,\'94 he said, \'93that people like you and me, Slartibartfast, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur - particularly and especially Arthur - are just dilletantes, eccentrics,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 layabouts, fartarounds if you like.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast frowned, partly in puzzlement and partly in umbrage. He started\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to speak.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ...\'94 is as far as he got.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We\'92re not obsessed by anything, you see,\'94 insisted Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And that\'92s the deciding factor. We can\'92t win against obsession. They care,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 we don\'92t. They win.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I care about lots of things,\'94 said Slartibartfast, his voice trembling partly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with annoyance, but partly also with uncertainty.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Such as?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well,\'94 said the old man, \'93life, the Universe. Everything, really. Fjords.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Would you die for them?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fjords?\'94 blinked Slartibartfast in surprise. \'93No.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well then.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wouldn\'92t see the point, to be honest.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I still can\'92t see the connection,\'94 said Arthur, \'93with whelks.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 84\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 15.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford could feel the conversation slipping out of his control, and refused to be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sidetracked by anything at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The point is,\'94 he hissed, \'93that we are not obsessive people, and we don\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stand a chance against ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Except for your sudden obsession with whelks,\'94 pursued Arthur, \'93which I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 still haven\'92t understood.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Will you please leave whelks out of it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I will if you will,\'94 said Arthur. \'93You brought the subject up.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It was an error,\'94 said Ford, \'93forget them. The point is this.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leant forward and rested his forehead on the tips of his fingers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was I talking about?\'94 he said wearily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Let\'92s just go down to the party,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93for whatever reason.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stood up, shaking his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think that\'92s what I was trying to say,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For some unexplained reason, the teleport cubicles were in the bathroom.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 16\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Time travel is increasingly regarded as a menace. History is being polluted.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Encyclopedia Galactica has much to say on the theory and practice of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time travel, most of which is incomprehensible to anyone who hasn\'92t spent at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 least four lifetimes studying advanced hypermathematics, and since it was im-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 possible to do this before time travel was invented, there is a certain amount of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 confusion as to how the idea was arrived at in the first place. One rationaliza-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion of this problem states that time travel was, by its very nature, discovered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 simultaneously at all periods of history, but this is clearly bunk.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The trouble is that a lot of history is now quite clearly bunk as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Here is an example. It may not seem to be an important one to some people,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but to others it is crucial. It is certainly significant in that it was the single\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 event which caused the Campaign for Real Time to be set up in the first place\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (or is it last? It depends which way round you see history as happening, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this too is now an increasingly vexed question).\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There is, or was, a poet. His name was Lallafa, and he wrote what are widely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 regarded throughout the Galaxy as being the finest poems in existence, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Songs of the Long Land.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They are/were unspeakably wonderful. That is to say, you couldn\'92t speak very\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 much of them at once without being so overcome with emotion, truth and a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sense of wholeness and oneness of things that you wouldn\'92t pretty soon need\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a brisk walk round the block, possibly pausing at a bar on the way back for a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quick glass of perspective and soda. They were that good.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Lallafa had lived in the forests of the Long Lands of Effa. He lived there, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he wrote his poems there. He wrote them on pages made of dried habra leaves,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 without the benefit of education or correcting fluid. He wrote about the light\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the forest and what he thought about that. He wrote about the darkness\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the forest, and what he thought about that. He wrote about the girl who\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had left him and precisely what he thought about that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 85\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 86\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 16.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Long after his death his poems were found and wondered over. News of them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spread like morning sunlight. For centuries they illuminated and watered the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lives of many people whose lives might otherwise have been darker and drier.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then, shortly after the invention of time travel, some major correcting fluid\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manufacturers wondered whether his poems might have been better still if he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had had access to some high-quality correcting fluid, and whether he might\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be persuaded to say a few words on that effect.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They travelled the time waves, they found him, they explained the situation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 - with some difficulty - to him, and did indeed persuade him. In fact they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 persuaded him to such an effect that he became extremely rich at their hands,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the girl about whom he was otherwise destined to write which such preci-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sion never got around to leaving him, and in fact they moved out of the forest\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to a rather nice pad in town and he frequently commuted to the future to do\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chat shows, on which he sparkled wittily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He never got around to writing the poems, of course, which was a problem,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but an easily solved one. The manufacturers of correcting fluid simply packed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him off for a week somewhere with a copy of a later edition of his book and a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stack of dried habra leaves to copy them out on to, making the odd deliberate\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mistake and correction on the way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Many people now say that the poems are suddenly worthless. Others argue\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that they are exactly the same as they always were, so what\'92s changed? The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 first people say that that isn\'92t the point. They aren\'92t quite sure what the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 point is, but they are quite sure that that isn\'92t it. They set up the Campaign\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for Real Time to try to stop this sort of thing going on. Their case was con-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 siderably strengthened by the fact that a week after they had set themselves\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up, news broke that not only had the great Cathedral of Chalesm been pulled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down in order to build a new ion refinery, but that the construction of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 refinery had taken so long, and had had to extend so far back into the past in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 order to allow ion production to start on time, that the Cathedral of Chalesm\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had now never been built in the first place. Picture postcards of the cathedral\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly became immensely valuable.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So a lot of history is now gone for ever. The Campaign for Real Timers claim\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that just as easy travel eroded the differences between one country and an-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other, and between one world and another, so time travel is now eroding the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 differences between one age and another. \'93The past,\'94 they say, \'93is now truly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like a foreign country. They do things exactly the same there.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 17\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur materialized, and did so with all the customary staggering about and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clasping at his throat, heart and various limbs which he still indulged himself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in whenever he made any of these hateful and painful materializations that he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was determined not to let himself get used to.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked around for the others.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They weren\'92t there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked around for the others again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They still weren\'92t there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He closed his eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He opened them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked around for the others.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They obstinately persisted in their absence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He closed his eyes again, preparatory to making this completely futile exercise\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 once more, and because it was only then, whilst his eyes were closed, that his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 brain began to register what his eyes had been looking at whilst they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 open, a puzzled frown crept across his face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So he opened his eyes again to check his facts and the frown stayed put.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 If anything, it intensified, and got a good firm grip. If this was a party it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a very bad one, so bad, in fact, that everybody else had left. He abandoned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this line of thought as futile. Obviously this wasn\'92t a party. It was a cave, or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a labyrinth, or a tunnel of something - there was insufficient light to tell. All\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was darkness, a damp shiny darkness. The only sounds were the echoes of his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 own breathing, which sounded worried. He coughed very slightly, and then had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to listen to the thin ghostly echo of his cough trailing away amongst winding\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 corridors and sightless chambers, as of some great labyrinth, and eventually\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 returning to him via the same unseen corridors, as if to say ... \'93Yes?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This happened to every slightest noise he made, and it unnerved him. He tried\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to hum a cheery tune, but by the time it returned to him it was a hollow dirge\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 87\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and he stopped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His mind was suddenly full of images from the story that Slartibartfast had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been telling him. He half-expected suddenly to see lethal white robots step\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silently from the shadows and kill him. He caught his breath. They didn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He let it go again. He didn\'92t know what he did expect.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Someone or something, however, seemed to be expecting him, for at that mo-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ment there lit up suddenly in the dark distance an eerie green neon sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It said, silently:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 You have been Diverted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sign flicked off again, in a way which Arthur was not at all certain he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 liked. It flicked off with a sort of contemptuous flourish. Arthur then tried\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to assure himself that this was just a ridiculous trick of his imagination. A\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 neon sign is either on or off, depending on whether it has electricity running\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through it or not. There was no way, he told himself, that it could possibly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 effect the transition from one state to the other with a contemptuous flourish.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hugged himself tightly in his dressing gown and shivered, nevertheless.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The neon sign in the depths now suddenly lit up, bafflingly, with just three\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dots and a comma. Like this:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Only in green neon.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was trying, Arthur realized after staring at this perplexedly for a second\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or two, to indicate that there was more to come, that the sentence was not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 complete. Trying with almost superhuman pedantry, he reflected. Or at least,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 inhuman pedantry.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sentence then completed itself with these two words:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur Dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He reeled. He steadied himself to have another clear look at it. It still said\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur Dent, so he reeled again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Once again, the sign flicked off, and left him blinking in the darkness with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 just the dim red image of his name jumping on his retina.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Welcome, the sign now suddenly said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After a moment, it added:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I Don\'92t Think.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The stone-cold fear which had been hovering about Arthur all this time, wait-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing for its moment, recognized that its moment had now come and pounced\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on him. He tried to fight it off. He dropped into a kind of alert crouch that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had once seen somebody do on television, but it must have been someone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with stronger knees. He peered huntedly into the darkness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, hello?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He cleared his throat and said it again, more loudly and without the \'93er\'94. At\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 some distance down the corridor it seemed suddenly as if somebody started to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 89\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 beat on a bass drum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He listened to it for a few seconds and realized that it was just his heart beat-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He listened for a few seconds more and realized that it wasn\'92t his heart beat-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing, it was somebody down the corridor beating on a bass drum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Beads of sweat formed on his brow, tensed themselves, and leapt off. He put\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a hand out on the floor to steady his alert crouch, which wasn\'92t holding up\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very well. The sign changed itself again. It said:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Do Not be Alarmed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After a pause, it added:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Be Very Very Frightened, Arthur Dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Once again it flicked off. Once again it left him in darkness. His eyes seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to be popping out of his head. He wasn\'92t certain if this was because they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 trying to see more clearly, or if they simply wanted to leave at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello?\'94 he said again, this time trying to put a note of rugged and aggressive\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 self-assertion into it. \'93Is anyone there?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was no reply, nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This unnerved Arthur Dent even more than a reply would have done, and he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 began to back away from the scary nothingness. And the more he backed away,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the more scared he became. After a while he realized that the reason for this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was because of all the films he had seen in which the hero backs further and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 further away from some imagined terror in front of him, only to bump into it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 coming up from behind.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Just then it suddenly occurred to him to turn round rather quickly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was nothing there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Just blackness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This really unnerved him, and he started to back away from that, back the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way he had come.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After doing this for a short while it suddenly occurred to him that he was now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 backing towards whatever it was he had been backing away from in the first\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 place.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This, he couldn\'92t help thinking, must be a foolish thing to do. He decided he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would be better off backing the way he had first been backing, and turned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It turned out at this point that his second impulse had been the correct one,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 because there was an indescribably hideous monster standing quietly behind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him. Arthur yawed wildly as his skin tried to jump one way and his skeleton\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the other, whilst his brain tried to work out which of his ears it most wanted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to crawl out of.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Bet you weren\'92t expecting to see me again,\'94 said the monster, which Arthur\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 90\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 couldn\'92t help thinking was a strange remark for it to make, seeing as he had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 never met the creature before. He could tell that he hadn\'92t met the creature\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 before from the simple fact that he was able to sleep at nights. It was ... it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was ... it was ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur blinked at it. It stood very still. It did look a little familiar.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A terrible cold calm came over him as he realized that what he was looking at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was a six-foot-high hologram of a housefly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He wondered why anybody would be showing him a six-foot-high hologram of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a housefly at this time. He wondered whose voice he had heard.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a terribly realistic hologram.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It vanished.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Or perhaps you remember me better,\'94 said the voice suddenly, and it was a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 deep, hollow malevolent voice which sounded like molten tar glurping out of a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 drum with evil on its mind, \'93as the rabbit.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 With a sudden ping, there was a rabbit there in the black labyrinth with him,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a huge, monstrously, hideously soft and lovable rabbit - an image again, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one on which every single soft and lovable hair seemed like a real and single\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing growing in its soft and lovable coat. Arthur was startled to see his own\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reflection in its soft and lovable unblinking and extremely huge brown eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Born in darkness,\'94 rumbled the voice, \'93raised in darkness. One morning I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 poked my head for the first time into the bright new world and got it split\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 open by what felt suspiciously like some primitive instrument made of flint.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Made by you, Arthur Dent, and wielded by you. Rather hard as I recall.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You turned my skin into a bag for keeping interesting stones in. I happen to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 know that because in my next life I came back as a fly again and you swatted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 me. Again. Only this time you swatted me with the bag you\'92d made of my\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 previous skin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur Dent, you are not merely a cruel and heartless man, you are also\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 staggeringly tactless.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The voice paused whilst Arthur gawped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I see you have lost the bag,\'94 said the voice. \'93Probably got bored with it, did\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shook his head helplessly. He wanted to explain that he had been in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fact very fond of the bag and had looked after it very well and had taken it with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him wherever he went, but that somehow every time he travelled anywhere he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed inexplicably to end up with the wrong bag and that, curiously enough,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 even as they stood there he was just noticing for the first time that the bag\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had with him at the moment appeared to be made out of rather nasty fake\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 leopard skin, and wasn\'92t the one he\'92d had a few moments ago before he arrived\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in this whatever place it was, and wasn\'92t one he would have chosen himself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 91\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and heaven knew what would be in it as it wasn\'92t his, and he would much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rather have his original bag back, except that he was of course terribly sorry\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for having so peremptorily removed it, or rather its component parts, i.e. the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rabbit skin, from its previous owner, viz. the rabbit whom he currently had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the honour of attempting vainly to address.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 All he actually managed to say was \'93Erp\'94.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Meet the newt you trod on,\'94 said the voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And there was, standing in the corridor with Arthur, a giant green scaly newt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur turned, yelped, leapt backwards, and found himself standing in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 middle of the rabbit. He yelped again, but could find nowhere to leap to.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That was me, too,\'94 continued the voice in a low menacing rumble, \'93as if you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t know ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Know?\'94 said Arthur with a start. \'93Know?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The interesting thing about reincarnation,\'94 rasped the voice, \'93is that most\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 people, most spirits, are not aware that it is happening to them.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused for effect. As far as Arthur was concerned there was already quite\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 enough effect going on.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was aware,\'94 hissed the voice, \'93that is, I became aware. Slowly. Gradually.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He, whoever he was, paused again and gathered breath.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I could hardly help it, could I?\'94 he bellowed, \'93when the same thing kept\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 happening, over and over and over again! Every life I ever lived, I got killed by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur Dent. Any world, any body, any time, I\'92m just getting settled down,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 along comes Arthur Dent - pow, he kills me.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hard not to notice. Bit of a memory jogger. Bit of a pointer. Bit of a bloody\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 giveaway!\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94 \'91That\'92s funny,\'92 my spirit would say to itself as it winged its way back to the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 netherworld after another fruitless Dent-ended venture into the land of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 living, \'91that man who just ran over me as I was hopping across the road to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 my favourite pond looked a little familiar ...\'92 And gradually I got to piece it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 together, Dent, you multiple-me-murderer!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The echoes of his voice roared up and down the corridors. Arthur stood silent\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and cold, his head shaking with disbelief.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Here\'92s the moment, Dent,\'94 shrieked the voice, now reaching a feverish pitch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of hatred, \'93here\'92s the moment when at last I knew!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was indescribably hideous, the thing that suddenly opened up in front of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur, making him gasp and gargle with horror, but here\'92s an attempt at a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 description of how hideous it was. It was a huge palpitating wet cave with a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 vast, slimy, rough, whale-like creature rolling around it and sliding over mon-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strous white tombstones. High above the cave rose a vast promontory in which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 could be seen the dark recesses of two further fearful caves, which ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 92\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur Dent suddenly realized that he was looking at his own mouth, when\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his attention was meant to be directed at the live oyster that was being tipped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 helplessly into it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He staggered back with a cry and averted his eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When he looked again the appalling apparition had gone. The corridor was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dark and, briefly, silent. He was alone with his thoughts. They were extremely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unpleasant thoughts and would rather have had a chaperone.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The next noise, when it came, was the low heavy roll of a large section of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wall trundling aside, revealing, for the moment, just dark blackness behind it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur looked into it in much the same way that a mouse looks into a dark\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dog-kennel.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And the voice spoke to him again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell me it was a coincidence, Dent,\'94 it said. \'93I dare you to tell me it was a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 coincidence!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It was a coincidence,\'94 said Arthur quickly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It was not!\'94 came the answering bellow.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It was,\'94 said Arthur, \'93it was ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93If it was a coincidence, then my name,\'94 roared the voice, \'93is not Agrajag!!!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And presumably,\'94 said Arthur, \'93you would claim that that was your name.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes!\'94 hissed Agrajag, as if he had just completed a rather deft syllogism.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, I\'92m afraid it was still a coincidence,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Come in here and say that!\'94 howled the voice, in sudden apoplexy again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur walked in and said that it was a coincidence, or at least, he nearly said\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that it was a coincidence. His tongue rather lost its footing towards the end\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the last word because the lights came up and revealed what it was he had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 walked into.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a Cathedral of Hate.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was the product of a mind that was not merely twisted, but actually\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sprained.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was huge. It was horrific.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It had a Statue in it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 We will come to the Statue in a moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The vast, incomprehensibly vast chamber looked as if it had been carved out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the inside of a mountain, and the reason for this was that that was precisely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what it had been carved out of. It seemed to Arthur to spin sickeningly round\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his head as he stood and gaped at it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was black.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Where it wasn\'92t black you were inclined to wish that it was, because the colours\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with which some of the unspeakable details were picked out ranged horribly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 across the whole spectrum of eye-defying colours from Ultra Violent to Infra\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 93\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Dead, taking in Liver Purple, Loathsome Lilac, Matter Yellow, Burnt hombre\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and Gan Green on the way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The unspeakable details which these colours picked out were gargoyles which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would have put Francis Bacon off his lunch.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The gargoyles all looked inwards from the walls, from the pillars, from the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flying buttresses, from the choir stalls, towards the Statue, to which we will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 come in a moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And if the gargoyles would have put Francis Bacon off his lunch, then it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clear from the gargoyles\'92 faces that the Statue would have put them off theirs,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had they been alive to eat it, which they weren\'92t, and had anybody tried to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 serve them some, which they wouldn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Around the monumental walls were vast engraved stone tablets in memory of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 those who had fallen to Arthur Dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The names of some of those commemorated were underlined and had asterisks\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 against them. So, for instance, the name of a cow which had been slaugh-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tered and of which Arthur Dent had happened to eat a fillet steak would have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the plainest engraving, whereas the name of a fish which Arthur had himself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 caught and then decided he didn\'92t like and left on the side of the plate had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a double underlining, three sets of asterisks and a bleeding dagger added as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 decoration, just to make the point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And what was most disturbing about all this, apart from the Statue, to which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 we are, by degrees, coming, was the very clear implication that all these people\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and creatures were indeed the same person, over and over again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And it was equally clear that this person was, however unfairly, extremely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 upset and annoyed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In fact it would be fair to say that he had reached a level of annoyance the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like of which had never been seen in the Universe. It was an annoyance of epic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 proportions, a burning searing flame of annoyance, an annoyance which now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spanned the whole of time and space in its infinite umbrage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And this annoyance had been given its fullest expression in the Statue in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 centre of all this monstrosity, which was a statue of Arthur Dent, and an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unflattering one. Fifty feet tall if it was an inch, there was not an inch of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it which wasn\'92t crammed with insult to its subject matter, and fifty feet of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that sort of thing would be enough to make any subject feel bad. From the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 small pimple on the side of his nose to the poorish cut of his dressing gown,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there was no aspect of Arthur Dent which wasn\'92t lambasted and vilified by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sculptor.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur appeared as a gorgon, an evil, rapacious, ravenning, bloodied ogre,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 slaughtering his way through an innocent one-man Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 With each of the thirty arms which the sculptor in a fit of artistic fervour had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 decided to give him, he was either braining a rabbit, swatting a fly, pulling a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wishbone, picking a flea out of his hair, or doing something which Arthur at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 first looking couldn\'92t quite identify.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His many feet were mostly stamping on ants.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur put his hands over his eyes, hung his head and shook it slowly from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 side to side in sadness and horror at the craziness of things.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And when he opened his eyes again, there in front of him stood the figure of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the man or creature, or whatever it was, that he had supposedly been perse-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cuting all this time.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93HhhhhhrrrrrraaaaaaHHHHHH!\'94 said Agrajag.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He, or it, or whatever, looked like a mad fat bat. He waddled slowly around\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur, and poked at him with bent claws.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Look ...!\'94 protested Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93HhhhhhrrrrrraaaaaaHHHHHH!!!\'94 explained Agrajag, and Arthur reluctantly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 accepted this on the grounds that he was rather frightened by this hideous and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strangely wrecked apparition.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag was black, bloated, wrinkled and leathery.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His batwings were somehow more frightening for being the pathetic broken\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 floundering things they were that if they had been strong, muscular beaters\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the air. The frightening thing was probably the tenacity of his continued\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 existence against all the physical odds.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had the most astounding collection of teeth.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They looked as if they each came from a completely different animal, and they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were ranged around his mouth at such bizarre angles it seemed that if he ever\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 actually tried to chew anything he\'92d lacerate half his own face along with it,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and possibly put an eye out as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Each of his three eyes was small and intense and looked about as sane as a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fish in a privet bush.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was at a cricket match,\'94 he rasped.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This seemed on the face of it such a preposterous notion that Arthur practi-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cally choked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Not in this body,\'94 screeched the creature, \'93not in this body! This is my last\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 body. My last life. This is my revenge body. My kill-Arthur-Dent body. My\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 last chance. I had to fight to get it, too.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was at,\'94 roared Agrajag, \'93a cricket match! I had a weak heart condition,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but what, I said to my wife, can happen to me at a cricket match? As I\'92m\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 watching, what happens?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Two people quite maliciously appear out of thin air just in front of me. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 last thing I can\'92t help but notice before my poor heart gives out in shock is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 95\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that one of them is Arthur Dent wearing a rabbit bone in his beard. Coinci-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dence?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Coincidence?\'94 screamed the creature, painfully thrashing its broken wings,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and opening a short gash on its right cheek with a particularly nasty tooth.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 On closer examination, such as he\'92d been hoping to avoid, Arthur noticed that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 much of Agrajag\'92s face was covered with ragged strips of black sticky plasters.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He backed away nervously. He tugged at his beard. He was appalled to dis-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cover that in fact he still had the rabbit bone in it. He pulled it out and threw\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it away.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Look,\'94 he said, \'93it\'92s just fate playing silly buggers with you. With me. With\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 us. It\'92s a complete coincidence.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What have you got against me, Dent?\'94 snarled the creature, advancing on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him in a painful waddle.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nothing,\'94 insisted Arthur, \'93honestly, nothing.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag fixed him with a beady stare.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Seems a strange way to relate to somebody you\'92ve got nothing against, killing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them all the time. Very curious piece of social interaction, I would call that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I\'92d also call it a lie!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But look,\'94 said Arthur, \'93I\'92m very sorry. There\'92s been a terrible misunder-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 standing. I\'92ve got to go. Have you got a clock? I\'92m meant to be helping save\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Universe.\'94 He backed away still further.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag advanced still further.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93At one point,\'94 he hissed, \'93at one point, I decided to give up. Yes, I would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not come back. I would stay in the netherworld. And what happened?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur indicated with random shakes of his head that he had no idea and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t want to have one either. He found he had backed up against the cold\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dark stone that had been carved by who knew what Herculean effort into a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 monstrous travesty of his bedroom slippers. He glanced up at his own horren-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dously parodied image towering above him. He was still puzzled as to what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one of his hands was meant to be doing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I got yanked involuntarily back into the physical world,\'94 pursued Agrajag,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93as a bunch of petunias. In, I might add, a bowl. This particularly happy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 little lifetime started off with me, in my bowl, unsupported, three hundred\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 miles above the surface of a particularly grim planet. Not a naturally tenable\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 position for a bowl of petunias, you might think. And you\'92d be right. That\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 life ended a very short while later, three hundred miles lower. In, I might add,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the fresh wreckage of a whale. My spirit brother.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leered at Arthur with renewed hatred.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93On the way down,\'94 he snarled, \'93I couldn\'92t help noticing a flashy-looking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 96\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 white spaceship. And looking out of a port on this flashy-looking spaceship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was a smug-looking Arthur Dent. Coincidence?!!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes!\'94 yelped Arthur. He glanced up again, and realized that the arm that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had puzzled him was represented as wantonly calling into existence a bowl of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doomed petunias. This was not a concept which leapt easily to the eye.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I must go,\'94 insisted Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You may go,\'94 said Agrajag, \'93after I have killed you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No, that won\'92t be any use,\'94 explained Arthur, beginning to climb up the hard\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stone incline of his carved slipper, \'93because I have to save the Universe, you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 see. I have to find a Silver Bail, that\'92s the point. Tricky thing to do dead.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Save the Universe!\'94 spat Agrajag with contempt. \'93You should have thought\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of that before you started your vendetta against me! What about the time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you were on Stavromula Beta and someone ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ve never been there,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... tried to assassinate you and you ducked. Who do you think the bullet hit?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What did you say?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Never been there,\'94 repeated Arthur. \'93What are you talking about? I have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to go.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag stopped in his tracks.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You must have been there. You were responsible for my death there, as ev-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 erywhere else. An innocent bystander!\'94 He quivered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ve never heard of the place,\'94 insisted Arthur. \'93I\'92ve certainly never had any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one try to assassinate me. Other than you. Perhaps I go there later, do you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 think?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag blinked slowly in a kind of frozen logical horror.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You haven\'92t been to Stavromula Beta ... yet?\'94 he whispered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Arthur, \'93I don\'92t know anything about the place. Certainly never\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been to it, and don\'92t have any plans to go.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, you go there all right,\'94 muttered Agrajag in a broken voice, \'93you go\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there all right. Oh zark!\'94 he tottered, and stared wildly about him at his huge\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Cathedral of Hate. \'93I\'92ve brought you here too soon!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He started to scream and bellow. \'93I\'92ve brought you here too zarking soon!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly he rallied, and turned a baleful, hating eye on Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m going to kill you anyway!\'94 he roared. \'93Even if it\'92s a logical impossibility\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I\'92m going to zarking well try! I\'92m going to blow this whole mountain up!\'94 He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 screamed, \'93Let\'92s see you get out of this one, Dent!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He rushed in a painful waddling hobble to what appeared to be a small black\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sacrificial altar. He was shouting so wildly now that he was really carving his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 face up badly. Arthur leaped down from his vantage place on the carving of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his own foot and ran to try to restrain the three-quarters-crazed creature.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 97\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leaped upon him, and brought the strange monstrosity crashing down on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 top of the altar.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Agrajag screamed again, thrashed wildly for a brief moment, and turned a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wild eye on Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You know what you\'92ve done?\'94 he gurgled painfully. \'93You\'92ve only gone and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 killed me again, i mean, what do you want from me, blood?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He thrashed again in a brief apoplectic fit, quivered, and collapsed, smacking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a large red button on the altar as he did so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur started with horror and fear, first at what he appeared to have done,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and then at the loud sirens and bells that suddenly shattered the air to an-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 nounce some clamouring emergency. He stared wildly around him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The only exit appeared to be the way he came in. He pelted towards it, throw-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing away the nasty fake leopard-skin bag as he did so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He dashed randomly, haphazardly through the labyrinthine maze, he seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to be pursued more and more fiercely by claxons, sirens, flashing lights.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly, he turned a corner and there was a light in front of him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It wasn\'92t flashing. It was daylight.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 98\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 17.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 18\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Although it has been said that on Earth alone in our Galaxy is Krikkit (or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cricket) treated as fit subject for a game, and that for this reason the Earth\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 has been shunned, this does only apply to our Galaxy, and more specifically\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to our dimension. In some of the higher dimensions they feel they can more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or less please themselves, and have been playing a peculiar game called Brock-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ian Ultra-Cricket for whatever their transdimensional equivalent of billions of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years is.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Let\'92s be blunt, it\'92s a nasty game\'94 (says The Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Galaxy) \'93but then anyone who has been to any of the higher dimensions will\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 know that they\'92re a pretty nasty heathen lot up there who should just be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 smashed and done in, and would be, too, if anyone could work out a way of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 firing missiles at right-angles to reality.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This is another example of the fact that The Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the Galaxy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 will employ anybody who wants to walk straight in off the street and get ripped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off, especially if they happen to walk in off the street during the afternoon,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 when very few of the regular staff are there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There is a fundamental point here.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The history of The Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide to the Galaxy is one of idealism, strug-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gle, despair, passion, success, failure, and enormously long lunch-breaks.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The earliest origins of the Guide are now, along with most of its financial\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 records, lost in the mists of time.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For other, and more curious theories about where they are lost, see below.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Most of the surviving stories, however, speak of a founding editor called Hurl-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing Frootmig.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hurling Frootmig, it is said, founded the Guide, established its fundamental\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 principles of honesty and idealism, and went bust.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There followed many years of penury and heart-searching during which he con-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sulted friends, sat in darkened rooms in illegal states of mind, thought about\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 99\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 100\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 18.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this and that, fooled about with weights, and then, after a chance encounter\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the Holy Lunching Friars of Voondon (who claimed that just as lunch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was at the centre of a man\'92s temporal day, and man\'92s temporal day could be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seen as an analogy for his spiritual life, so Lunch should\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (a) be seen as the centre of a man\'92s spiritual life, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 (b) be held in jolly nice restaurants), he refounded the Guide, laid down its\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fundamental principles of honesty and idealism and where you could stuff them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 both, and led the Guide on to its first major commercial success.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He also started to develop and explore the role of the editorial lunch-break\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which was subsequently to play such a crucial part in the Guide\'92s history,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 since it meant that most of the actual work got done by any passing stranger\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 who happened to wander into the empty offices on an afternoon and saw some-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing worth doing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Shortly after this, the Guide was taken over by Megadodo Publications of Ursa\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Minor Beta, thus putting the whole thing on a very sound financial footing,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and allowing the fourth editor, Lig Lury Jr, to embark on lunch-breaks of such\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 breathtaking scope that even the efforts of recent editors, who have started\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 undertaking sponsored lunch-breaks for charity, seem like mere sandwiches in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 comparison.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In fact, Lig never formally resigned his editorship - he merely left his office\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 late one morning and has never since returned. Though well over a century has\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now passed, many members of the guide staff still retain the romantic notion\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that he has simply popped out for a ham croissant, and will yet return to put\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in a solid afternoon\'92s work.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Strictly speaking, all editors since Lig Lury Jr have therefore been designated\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Acting Editors, and Lig\'92s desk is still preserved the way he left it, with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 addition of a small sign which says \'93Lig Lury Jr, Editor, Missing, presumed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Fed\'94.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Some very scurrilous and subversive sources hint at the idea that Lig actually\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 perished in the Guide\'92s first extraordinary experiments in alternative book-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 keeping. Very little is known of this, and less still said. Anyone who even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 notices, let alone calls attention to, the curious but utter coincidental and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 meaningless fact that every world on which the Guide has ever set up an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 accounting department has shortly afterwards perished in warfare or some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 natural disaster, is liable to get sued to smithereens.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is an interesting though utterly unrelated fact that the two or three days\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 prior to the demolition of the planet Earth to make way for a new hyperspace\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bypass saw a dramatic upsurge in the number of UFO sightings there, not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only above Lords Cricket Ground in St. John\'92s Wood, London, but also above\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Glastonbury in Somerset.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 101\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Glastonbury had long been associated with myths of ancient kings, witchcraft,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ley-lines an wart curing, and had now been selected as the site for the new\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hitch Hiker\'92s Guide financial records office, and indeed, ten years\'92 worth of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 financial records were transferred to a magic hill just outside the city mere\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hours before the Vogons arrived.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 None of these facts, however strange or inexplicable, is as strange or inexplica-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ble as the rules of the game of Brockian Ultra-Cricket, as played in the higher\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dimensions. A full set of rules is so massively complicated that the only time\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they were all bound together in a single volume, they underwent gravitational\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 collapse and became a Black Hole.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A brief summary, however, is as follows:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule One: Grow at least three extra legs. You won\'92t need them, but it keeps\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the crowds amused.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule Two: Find one good Brockian Ultra-Cricket player. Clone him off a few\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 times. This saves an enormous amount of tedious selection and training.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule Three: Put your team and the opposing team in a large field and build\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a high wall round them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The reason for this is that, though the game is a major spectator sport, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 frustration experienced by the audience at not actually being able to see what\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 going on leads them to imagine that it\'92s a lot more exciting than it really is. A\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 crowd that has just watched a rather humdrum game experiences far less life-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 affirmation than a crowd that believes it has just missed the most dramatic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 event in sporting history.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule Four: Throw lots of assorted items of sporting equipment over the wall\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for the players. Anything will do - cricket bats, basecube bats, tennis guns,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 skis, anything you can get a good swing with.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule Five: The players should now lay about themselves for all they are worth\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with whatever they find to hand. Whenever a player scores a \'93hit\'94 on another\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 player, he should immediately run away and apologize from a safe distance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Apologies should be concise, sincere and, for maximum clarity and points, de-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 livered through a megaphone.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Rule Six: The winning team shall be the first team that wins.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Curiously enough, the more the obsession with the game grows in the higher\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dimensions, the less it is actually played, since most of the competing teams\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 are now in a state of permanent warfare with each other over the interpreta-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion of these rules. This is all for the best, because in the long run a good\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 solid war is less psychologically damaging than a protracted game of Brockian\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ultra-Cricket.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 102\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 18.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 19\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As Arthur ran darting, dashing and panting down the side of the mountain he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly felt the whole bulk of the mountain move very, very slightly beneath\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him. There was a rumble, a roar, and a slight blurred movement, and a lick\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of heat in the distance behind and above him. He ran in a frenzy of fear. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 land began to slide, and he suddenly felt the force of the word \'93landslide\'94 in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a way which had never been apparent to him before. It had always just been\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a word to him, but now he was suddenly and horribly aware that sliding is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a strange and sickening thing for land to do. It was doing it with him on it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt ill with fear and shaking. The ground slid, the mountain slurred, he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 slipped, he fell, he stood, he slipped again and ran. The avalance began.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Stones, then rocks, then boulders which pranced past him like clumsy puppies,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only much, much bigger, much, much harder and heavier, and almost infinitely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 more likely to kill you if they fell on you. His eyes danced with them, his feet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 danced with the dancing ground. He ran as if running was a terrible sweating\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sickness, his heart pounded to the rhythm of the pounding geological frenzy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The logic of the situation, i.e. that he was clearly bound to survive if the next\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 foreshadowed incident in the saga of his inadvertent persecution of Agrajag\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was to happen, was utterly failing to impinge itself on his mind or exercise\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 any restraining influence on him at this time. He ran with the fear of death\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in him, under him, over him and grabbing hold of his hair.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And suddenly he tripped again and was hurled forward by his considerable\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 momentum. But just at the moment that he was about to hit the ground as-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 toundingly hard he saw lying directly in front of him a small navy-blue holdall\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that he knew for a fact he had lost in the baggage-retrieval system at Athens\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 airport some ten years in his personal time-scale previously, and in his aston-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ishment he missed the ground completely and bobbed off into the air with his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 brain singing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 103\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 104\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 19.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 What he was doing was this: he was flying. He glanced around him in surprise,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but there could be no doubt that that was what he was doing. No part of him\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was touching the ground, and no part of him was even approaching it. He was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 simply floating there with boulders hurtling through the air around him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He could now do something about that. Blinking with the non- effort of it he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wafted higher into the air, and now the boulders were hurtling through the air\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 beneath him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked downwards with intense curiosity. Between him and the shivering\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground were now some thirty feet of empty air, empty that is if you discounted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the boulders which didn\'92t stay in it for long, but bounded downwards in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 iron grip of the law of gravity; the same law which seemed, all of a sudden, to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have given Arthur a sabbatical.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It occurred to him almost instantly, with the instinctive correctness that self-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 preservation instils in the mind, that he mustn\'92t try to think about it, that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if he did, the law of gravity would suddenly glance sharply in his direction\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and demand to know what the hell he thought he was doing up there, and all\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would suddenly be lost.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So he thought about tulips. It was difficult, but he did. He thought about the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pleasing firm roundness of the bottom of tulips, he thought about the inter-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 esting variety of colours they came in, and wondered what proportion of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 total number of tulips that grew, or had grown, on the Earth would be found\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 within a radius of one mile from a windmill. After a while he got dangerously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bored with this train of thought, felt the air slipping away beneath him, felt\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that he was drifting down into the paths of the bouncing boulders that he was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 trying so hard not to think about, so he thought about Athens airport for a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bit and that kept him usefully annoyed for about five minutes - at the end of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which he was startled to discover that he was now floating about two hundred\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 yards above the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He wondered for a moment how he was going to get back down to it, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 instantly shied away from that area of speculation again, and tried to look at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the situation steadily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was flying, What was he going to do about it? He looked back down at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the ground. He didn\'92t look at it hard, but did his best just to give it an idle\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 glance, as it were, in passing. There were a couple of things he couldn\'92t help\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 noticing. One was that the eruption of the mountain seemed now to have spent\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 itself - there was a crater just a little way beneath the peak, presumably where\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the rock had caved in on top of the huge cavernous cathedral, the statue of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 himself, and the sadly abused figure of Agrajag.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The other was his hold-all, the one he had lost at Athens airport. It was sit-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ting pertly on a piece of clear ground, surrounded by exhausted boulders but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 105\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 apparently hit by none of them. Why this should be he could not speculate,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but since this mystery was completely overshadowed by the monstrous impos-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sibility of the bag\'92s being there in the first place, it was not a speculation he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 really felt strong enough for anyway. The thing is, it was there. And the nasty,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fake leopard-skin bag seemed to have disappeared, which was all to the good,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if not entirely to the explicable.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was faced with the fact that he was going to have to pick the thing up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Here he was, flying along two hundred yards above the surface of an alien\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 planet the name of which he couldn\'92t even remember. He could not ignore the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 plaintive posture of this tiny piece of what used to be his life, here, so many\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 light-years from the pulverized remains of his home.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Furthermore, he realized, the bag, if it was still in the state in which he lost\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it, would contain a can which would have in it the only Greek olive oil still\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 surviving in the Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slowly, carefully, inch by inch, he began to bob downwards, swinging gently\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from side to side like a nervous sheet of paper feeling its way towards the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It went well, he was feeling good. The air supported him, but let him through.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Two minutes later he was hovering a mere two feet above the bag, and was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 faced with some difficult decision. He bobbed there lightly. He frowned, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again, as lightly as he could.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 If he picked the bag up, could he carry it? Mightn\'92t the extra weight just pull\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him straight to the ground?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Mightn\'92t the mere act of touching something on the ground suddenly discharge\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 whatever mysterious force it was that was holding him in the air?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Mightn\'92t he be better off just being sensible at this point and stepping out of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the air, back on to the ground for a moment or two?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 If he did, would he ever be able to fly again?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sensation, when he allowed himself to be aware of it, was so quietly ec-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 static that he could not bear the thought of losing it, perhaps for ever. With\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this worry in mind he bobbed upwards a little again, just to try the feel of it,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the surprising and effortless movement of it. He bobbed, he floated. He tried\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a little swoop.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The swoop was terrific. With his arms spread out in front of him, his hair and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dressing gown streaming out behind him, he dived down out of the sky, bellied\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 along a body of air about two feet from the ground and swung back up again,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 catching himself at the top of the swing and holding. Just holding. He stayed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was wonderful.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And that, he realized, was the way of picking up the bag. He would swoop\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 106\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 19.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down and catch hold of it just at the point of the upswing. He would carry it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on up with him. He might wobble a bit, but he was certain that he could hold\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tried one or two more practice swoops, and they got better and better.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The air on his face, the bounce and woof of his body, all combined to make\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him feel an intoxication of the spirit that he hadn\'92t felt since, since - well as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 far as he could work out, since he was born. He drifted away on the breeze\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and surveyed the countryside, which was, he discovered, pretty nasty. It had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a wasted ravaged look. He decided not to look at it any more. He would just\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pick up the bag and then ... he didn\'92t know what he was going to do after\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had picked up the bag. He decided he would just pick up the bag and see\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where things went from there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He judged himself against the wind, pushed up against it and turned around.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He floated on its body. He didn\'92t realize, but his body was willoming at this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He ducked down under the airstream, dipped - and dived.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The air threw itself past him, he thrilled through it. The ground wobbled un-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 certainly, straightened its ideas out and rose smoothly up to meet him, offering\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the bag, its cracked plastic handles up towards him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Halfway down there was a sudden dangerous moment when he could no longer\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 believe he was doing this, and therefore he very nearly wasn\'92t, but he recovered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 himself in time, skimmed over the ground, slipped an arm smoothly through\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the handles of the bag, and began to climb back up, couldn\'92t make it and all\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of a sudden collapsed, bruised, scratched and shaking in the stony ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He staggered instantly to his feet and swayed hopelessly around, swinging the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bag round him in agony of grief and disappointment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His feet, suddenly, were stuck heavily to the ground in the way they always had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been. His body seemed like an unwieldy sack of potatoes that reeled stumbling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 against the ground, his mind had all the lightness of a bag of lead.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He sagged and swayed and ached with giddiness. He tried hopelessly to run,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but his legs were suddenly too weak. He tripped and flopped forward. At\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that moment he remembered that in the bag he was now carrying was not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only a can of Greek olive oil but a duty-free allowance of retsina, and in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pleasurable shock of that realization he failed to notice for at least ten seconds\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that he was now flying again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He whooped and cried with relief and pleasure, and sheer physical delight. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 swooped, he wheeled, he skidded and whirled through the air. Cheekily he sat\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on an updraught and went through the contents of the hold-all. He felt the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way he imagined an angel must feel during its celebrated dance on the head\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of a pin whilst being counted by philosophers. He laughed with pleasure at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 107\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the discovery that the bag did in fact contain the olive oil and the retsina as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 well as a pair of cracked sunglasses, some sand-filled swimming trunks, some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 creased postcards of Santorini, a large and unsightly towel, some interesting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stones, and various scraps of paper with the addresses of people he was relieved\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to think he would never meet again, even if the reason why was a sad one. He\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dropped the stones, put on the sunglasses, and let the pieces of paper whip\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 away in the wind.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ten minutes later, drifting idly through a cloud, he got a large and extremely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 disreputable cocktail party in the small of the back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 108\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 19.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 20\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The longest and most destructive party ever held is now into its fourth gener-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ation, and still no one shows any signs of leaving. Somebody did once look at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his watch, but that was eleven years ago, and there has been no follow-up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mess is extraordinary, and has to be seen to be believed, but if you don\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have any particular need to believe it, then don\'92t go and look, because you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 won\'92t enjoy it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There have recently been some bangs and flashes up in the clouds, and there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is one theory that this is a battle being fought between the fleets of several\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rival carpet-cleaning companies who are hovering over the thing like vultures,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but you shouldn\'92t believe anything you hear at parties, and particularly not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anything you hear at this one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One of the problems, and it\'92s one which is obviously going to get worse, is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that all the people at the party are either the children or the grandchildren\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or the great-grandchildren of the people who wouldn\'92t leave in the first place,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and because of all the business about selective breeding and regressive genes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and so on, it means that all the people now at the party are either absolutely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fanatical partygoers, or gibbering idiots, or, more and more frequently, both.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Either way, it means that, genetically speaking, each succeeding generation is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now less likely to leave than the preceding one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So other factors come into operation, like when the drink is going to run out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Now, because of certain things which have happened which seemed like a good\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 idea at the time (and one of the problems with a party which never stops is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that all the things which only seem like a good idea at parties continue to seem\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like good ideas), that point seems still to be a long way off.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One of the things which seemed like a good idea at the time was that the party\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 should fly - not in the normal sense that parties are meant to fly, but literally.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One night, long ago, a band of drunken astro-engineers of the first generation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clambered round the building digging this, fixing that, banging very hard on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 109\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 110\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 20.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the other and when the sun rose the following morning, it was startled to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 find itself shining on a building full of happy drunken people which was now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 floating like a young and uncertain bird over the treetops.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Not only that, but the flying party had also managed to arm itself rather\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heavily. If they were going to get involved in any petty arguments with wine\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 merchants, they wanted to make sure they had might on their side.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The transition from full-time cocktail party to part-time raiding party came\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with ease, and did much to add that extra bit of zest and swing to the whole\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 affair which was badly needed at this point because of the enormous number\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of times that the band had already played all the numbers it knew over the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They looted, they raided, they held whole cities for ransom for fresh supplies\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of cheese crackers, avocado dip, spare ribs and wine and spirits, which would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now get piped aboard from floating tankers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The problem of when the drink is going to run out is, however, going to have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to be faced one day.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The planet over which they are floating is no longer the planet it was when\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they first started floating over it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is in bad shape.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party had attacked and raided an awful lot of it, and no one has ever\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 succeeded in hitting it back because of the erratic and unpredictable way in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which it lurches round the sky.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is one hell of a party.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is also one hell of a thing to get hit by in the small of the back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 21\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur lay floundering in pain on a piece of ripped and dismembered reinforced\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 concrete, flicked at by wisps of passing cloud and confused by the sounds of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 flabby merrymaking somewhere indistinctly behind him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a sound he couldn\'92t immediately identify, partly because he didn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 know the tune \'93I Left my Leg in Jaglan Beta\'94 and partly because the band\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 playing it were very tired, and some members of it were playing it in three-four\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time, some in four- four, and some in a kind of pie-eyed r2, each according to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the amount of sleep he\'92d managed to grab recently.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He lay, panting heavily in the wet air, and tried feeling bits of himself to see\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where he might be hurt. Wherever he touched himself, he encountered a pain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 After a short while he worked out that this was because it was his hand that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was hurting. He seemed to have sprained his wrist. His back, too, was hurting,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but he soon satisfied himself that he was not badly hurt, but just bruised and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a little shaken, as who wouldn\'92t be? He couldn\'92t understand what a building\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would be doing flying through the clouds.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 On the other hand, he would have been a little hard-pressed to come up with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 any convincing explanation of his own presence, so he decided that he and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the building were just going to have to accept each other. He looked up from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where he was lying. A wall of pale but stained stone slabs rose up behind him,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the building proper. He seemed to be stretched out on some sort of ledge or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lip which extended outwards for about three or four feet all the way around. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was a hunk of the ground in which the party building had had its foundations,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and which it had taken along with itself to keep itself bound together at the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bottom end.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Nervously, he stood up and, suddenly, looking out over the edge, he felt nau-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seous with vertigo. He pressed himself back against the wall, wet with mist\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and sweat. His head was swimming freestyle, but someone in his stomach was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doing the butterfly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ill\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 112\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 21.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Even though he had got up here under his own power, he could now not even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bear to contemplate the hideous drop in front of him. He was not about to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 try his luck jumping. He was not about to move an inch closer to the edge.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Clutching his hold-all he edged along the wall, hoping to find a doorway in.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The solid weight of the can of olive oil was a great reassurance to him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was edging in the direction of the nearest corner, in the hope that the wall\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around the corner might offer more in the way of entrances than this one,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which offered none.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The unsteadiness of the building\'92s flight made him feel sick with fear, and after\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a short while he took the towel from out of his hold-all and did something with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it which once again justified its supreme position in the list of useful things to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 take with you when you hitch-hike round the Galaxy. He put it over his head\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 so he wouldn\'92t have to see what he was doing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His feet edged along the ground. His outstretched hand edged along the wall.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Finally he came to the corner, and as his hand rounded the corner it encoun-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tered something which gave him such a shock that he nearly fell straight off.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was another hand.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The two hands gripped each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He desperately wanted to use his other hand to pull the towel back from his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 eyes, but it was holding the hold-all with the olive oil, the retsina and the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 postcards from Santorini, and he very much didn\'92t want to put it down.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He experienced one of those \'93self\'94 moments, one of those moments when you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly turn around and look at yourself and think \'93Who am I? What am I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up to? What have I achieved? Am I doing well?\'94 He whimpered very slightly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tried to free his hand, but he couldn\'92t. The other hand was holding his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tightly. He had no recourse but to edge onwards towards the corner. He leaned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 around it and shook his head in an attempt to dislodge the towel. This seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to provoke a sharp cry of some unfashionable emotion from the owner of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other hand.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The towel was whipped from his head and he found his eyes peering into those\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Ford Prefect. Beyond him stood Slartibartfast, and beyond them he could\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clearly see a porchway and a large closed door.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were both pressed back against the wall, eyes wild with terror as they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stared out into the thick blind cloud around them, and tried to resist the lurch-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing and swaying of the building.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where the zarking photon have you been?\'94 hissed Ford, panic stricken.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, well,\'94 stuttered Arthur, not really knowing how to sum it all up that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 briefly. \'93Here and there. What are you doing here?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford turned his wild eyes on Arthur again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They won\'92t let us in without a bottle,\'94 he hissed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 113\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The first thing Arthur noticed as they entered into the thick of the party, apart\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from the noise, the suffocating heat, the wild profusion of colours that protuded\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dimly through the atmosphere of heavy smoke, the carpets thick with ground\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 glass, ash and avocado droppings, and the small group of pterodactyl-like crea-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tures in lurex who descended on his cherished bottle of retsina, squawking, \'93A\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 new pleasure, a new pleasure\'94, was Trillian being chatted up by a Thunder\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 God.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Didn\'92t I see you at Milliways?\'94 he was saying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Were you the one with the hammer?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes. I much prefer it here. So much less reputable, so much more fraught.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Squeals of some hideous pleasure rang around the room, the outer dimensions\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of which were invisible through the heaving throng of happy, noisy creatures,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cheerfully yelling things that nobody could hear at each other and occasionally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 having crises.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Seems fun,\'94 said Trillian. \'93What did you say, Arthur?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said, how the hell did you get here?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was a row of dots flowing randomly through the Universe. Have you met\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thor? He makes thunder.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello,\'94 said Arthur. \'93I expect that must be very interesting.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hi,\'94 said Thor. \'93It is. Have you got a drink?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, no actually ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then why don\'92t you go and get one?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93See you later, Arthur,\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Something jogged Arthur\'92s mind, and he looked around huntedly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Zaphod isn\'92t here, is he?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93See you,\'94 said Trillian firmly, \'93later.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thor glared at him with hard coal-black eyes, his beard bristled, what little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 light was there was in the place mustered its forces briefly to glint menacingly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off the horns of his helmet.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took Trillian\'92s elbow in his extremely large hand and the muscles in his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 upper arm moved around each other like a couple of Volkswagens parking.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He led her away.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93One of the interesting things about being immortal,\'94 he said, \'93is ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93One of the interesting things about space,\'94 Arthur heard Slartibartfast say-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing to a large and voluminous creature who looked like someone losing a fight\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with a pink duvet and was gazing raptly at the old man\'92s deep eyes and silver\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 beard, \'93is how dull it is.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Dull?\'94 said the creature, and blinked her rather wrinkled and bloodshot eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93staggeringly dull. Bewilderingly so. You see,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 there\'92s so much of it and so little in it. Would you like me to quote some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 114\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 21.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 statistics?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, well ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Please, I would like to. They, too, are quite sensationally dull.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ll come back and hear them in a moment,\'94 she said, patting him on the arm,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lifted up her skirts like a hovercraft and moved off into the heaving crown.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought she\'92d never go,\'94 growled the old man. \'93Come, Earthman ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We must find the Silver Bail, it is here somewhere.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Can\'92t we just relax a little?\'94 Arthur said. \'93I\'92ve had a tough day. Trillian\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 here, incidentally, she didn\'92t say how, it probably doesn\'92t matter.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Think of the danger to the Universe ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Universe,\'94 said Arthur, \'93is big enough and old enough to look after itself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for half an hour. All right,\'94 he added, in response to Slartibartfast\'92s increasing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 agitation, \'93I\'92ll wander round and see if anybody\'92s seen it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good, good,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93good. \'94 He plunged into the crowd him-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 self, and was told to relax by everybody he passed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Have you seen a bail anywhere?\'94 said Arthur to a little man who seemed to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be standing eagerly waiting to listen to somebody. \'93It\'92s made of silver, vitally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 important for the future safety of the Universe, and about this long.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said the enthusiastically wizened little man, \'93but do have a drink and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tell me all about it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford Prefect writhed past, dancing a wild, frenetic and not entirely unobscene\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dance with someone who looked as if she was wearing Sydney Opera House on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 her head. He was yelling a futile conversation at her above the din.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I like that hat!\'94 he bawled.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said, I like the hat.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m not wearing a hat.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, I like the head, then.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said, I like the head. Interesting bone-structure.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford worked a shrug into the complex routine of other movements he was per-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 forming.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said, you dance great,\'94 he shouted, \'93just don\'92t nod so much.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s just that every time you nod,\'94 said Ford, \'94... ow!\'94 he added as his part-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ner nodded forward to say \'93What?\'94 and once again pecked him sharply on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the forehead with the sharp end of her swept-forward skull.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93My planet was blown up one morning,\'94 said Arthur, who had found himself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 115\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 quite unexpectedly telling the little man his life story or, at least, edited high-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lights of it, \'93that\'92s why I\'92m dressed like this, in my dressing gown. My planet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was blown up with all my clothes in it, you see. I didn\'92t realize I\'92d be coming\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to a party.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The little man nodded enthusiastically.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Later, I was thrown off a spaceship. Still in my dressing gown. Rather than\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the space suit one would normally expect. Shortly after that I discovered that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 my planet had originally been built for a bunch of mice. You can imagine how\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I felt about that. I was then shot at for a while and blown up. In fact I have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been blown up ridiculously often, shot at, insulted, regularly disintegrated,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 deprived of tea, and recently I crashed into a swamp and had to spend five\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years in a damp cave.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah,\'94 effervesced the little man, \'93and did you have a wonderful time?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur started to choke violently on his drink.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What a wonderful exciting cough,\'94 said the little man, quite startled by it,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93do you mind if I join you?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And with that he launched into the most extraordinary and spectacular fit of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 coughing which caught Arthur so much by surprise that he started to choke\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 violently, discovered he was already doing it and got thoroughly confused.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Together they performed a lung-busting duet which went on for fully two min-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 utes before Arthur managed to cough and splutter to a halt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So invigorating,\'94 said the little man, panting and wiping tears from his eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What an exciting life you must lead. Thank you very much.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He shook Arthur warmly by the hand and walked off into the crowd. Arthur\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shook his head in astonishment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A youngish-looking man came up to him, an aggressive-looking type with a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hook mouth, a lantern nose, and small beady little cheekbones. He was wear-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing black trousers, a black silk shirt open to what was presumably his navel,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though Arthur had learnt never to make assumptions about the anatomies of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sort of people he tended to meet these days, and had all sorts of nasty\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dangly gold things hanging round his neck. He carried something in a black\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bag, and clearly wanted people to notice that he didn\'92t want them to notice\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, er, did I hear you say your name just now?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This was one of the many things that Arthur had told the enthusiastic little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 man.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, it\'92s Arthur Dent.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The man seemed to be dancing slightly to some rhythm other than any of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 several that the band were grimly pushing out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah,\'94 he said, \'93only there was a man in a mountain wanted to see you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 116\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 21.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I met him.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah, only he seemed pretty anxious about it, you know.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, I met him.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah, well I think you should know that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I do. I met him.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The man paused to chew a little gum. Then he clapped Arthur on the back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 he said, \'93all right. I\'92m just telling you, right? Good night, good luck,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 win awards.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Arthur, who was beginning to flounder seriously at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Whatever. Do what you do. Do it well.\'94 He made a sort of clucking noise\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with whatever he was chewing and then some vaguely dynamic gesture.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do it badly,\'94 said the man, \'93who cares? Who gives a shit?\'94 The blood\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suddenly seemed to pump angrily into the man\'92s face and he started to shout.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why not go mad?\'94 he said. \'93Go away, get off my back will you, guy. Just\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 zark off!!!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK, I\'92m going,\'94 said Arthur hurriedly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s been real.\'94 The man gave a sharp wave and disappeared off into the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 throng.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was that about?\'94 said Arthur to a girl he found standing beside him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why did he tell me to win awards?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just showbiz talk,\'94 shrugged the girl. \'93He\'92s just won an award at the An-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 nual Ursa Minor Alpha Recreational Illusions Institute Awards Ceremony, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was hoping to be able to pass it off lightly, only you didn\'92t mention it, so he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 couldn\'92t.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh,\'94 said Arthur, \'93oh, well I\'92m sorry I didn\'92t. What was it for?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Most Gratuitous Use Of The Word \'91Fuck\'92 In A Serious Screenplay. It\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very prestigious.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I see,\'94 said Arthur, \'93yes, and what do you get for that?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93A Rory. It\'92s just a small silver thing set on a large black base. What did you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 say?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I didn\'92t say anything. I was just about to ask what the silver ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, I thought you said \'91wop\'92.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Said what?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wop.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 People had been dropping in on the party now for some years, fashionable\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gatecrashers from other worlds, and for some time it had occurred to the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 partygoers as they had looked out at their own world beneath them, with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 its wrecked cities, its ravaged avocado farms and blighted vineyards, its vast\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tracts of new desert, its seas full of biscuit crumbs and worse, that their world\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 117\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was in some tiny and almost imperceptible ways not quite as much fun as it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had been. Some of them had begun to wonder if they could manage to stay\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sober for long enough to make the entire party spaceworthy and maybe take\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it off to some other people\'92s worlds where the air might be fresher and give\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them fewer headaches.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The few undernourished farmers who still managed to scratch out a feeble\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 existence on the half-dead ground of the planet\'92s surface would have been\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 extremely pleased to hear this, but that day, as the party came screaming\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out of the clouds and the farmers looked up in haggard fear of yet another\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cheese-and-wine raid, it became clear that the party was not going to be going\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anywhere else for a while, that the party would soon be over. Very soon it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would be time to gather up hats and coats and stagger blearily outside to find\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out what time of day it was, what time of year it was, and whether in any of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this burnt and ravaged land there was a taxi going anywhere.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party was locked in a horrible embrace with a strange white spaceship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which seemed to be half sticking through it. Together they were lurching,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heaving and spinning their way round the sky in grotesque disregard of their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 own weight.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The clouds parted. The air roared and leapt out of their way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party and the Krikkit warship looked, in their writhings, a little like two\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ducks, one of which is trying to make a third duck inside the second duck,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 whilst the second duck is trying very hard to explain that it doesn\'92t feel ready\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for a third duck right now, is uncertain that it would want any putative third\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 duck to be made by this particular first duck anyway, and certainly not whilst\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it, the second duck, was busy flying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sky sang and screamed with the rage of it all and buffeted the ground\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with shock waves.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And suddenly, with a foop, the Krikkit ship was gone.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party blundered helplessly across the sky like a man leaning against an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unexpectedly open door. It span and wobbled on its hover jets. It tried to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 right itself and wronged itself instead. It staggered back across the sky again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a while these staggerings continued, but clearly they could not continue\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for long. The party was now a mortally wounded party. All the fun had gone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out of it, as the occasional broken- backed pirouette could not disguise.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The longer, at this point, that it avoided the ground, the heavier was going to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be the crash when finally it hit it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Inside, things were not going well either. They were going monstrously badly,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in fact, and people were hating it and saying so loudly. The Krikkit robots\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had been.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They had removed the Award for The Most Gratuitous Use Of The Word\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 118\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 21.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'91Fuck\'92 In A Serious Screenplay, and in its place had left a scene of devastation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that left Arthur feeling almost as sick as a runner-up for a Rory.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We would love to stay and help,\'94 shouted Ford, picking his way over the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mangled debris, \'93only we\'92re not going to.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party lurched again, provoking feverish cries and groans from amongst the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 smoking wreckage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We have to go and save the Universe, you see,\'94 said Ford. \'93And if that sounds\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like a pretty lame excuse, then you may be right. Either way, we\'92re off.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He suddenly came across an unopened bottle lying, miraculously unbroken, on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do you mind if we take this?\'94 he said. \'93You won\'92t be needing it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took a packet of potato crisps too.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Trillian?\'94 shouted Arthur in a shocked and weakened voice. In the smoking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mess he could see nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Earthman, we must go,\'94 said Slartibartfast nervously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Trillian?\'94 shouted Arthur again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A moment or two later, Trillian staggered, shaking, into view, supported by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 her new friend the Thunder God.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The girl stays with me,\'94 said Thor. \'93There\'92s a great party going on in Val-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 halla, we\'92ll be flying off ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where were you when all this was going on?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Upstairs,\'94 said Thor, \'93I was weighing her. Flying\'92s a tricky business you see,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you have to calculate wind ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93She comes with us,\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey,\'94 said Trillian, \'93don\'92t I ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Arthur, \'93you come with us.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thor looked at him with slowly smouldering eyes. He was making some point\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about godliness and it had nothing to do with being clean.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93She comes with me,\'94 he said quietly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Come on, Earthman,\'94 said Slartibartfast nervously, picking at Arthur\'92s sleeve.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Come on, Slartibartfast,\'94 said Ford, picking at the old man\'92s sleeve. Slart-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ibartfast had the teleport device.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The party lurched and swayed, sending everyone reeling, except for Thor and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 except for Arthur, who stared, shaking, into the Thunder God\'92s black eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slowly, incredibly, Arthur put up what appeared to be his tiny little fists.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Want to make something of it?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I beg your minuscule pardon?\'94 roared Thor.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I said,\'94 repeated Arthur, and he could not keep the quavering out of his voice,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93do you want to make something of it?\'94 He waggled his fists ridiculously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thor looked at him with incredulity. Then a little wisp of smoke curled up-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 119\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wards from his nostril. There was a tiny little flame in it too.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He gripped his belt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He expanded his chest to make it totally clear that here was the sort of man\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you only dared to cross if you had a team of Sherpas with you.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He unhooked the shaft of his hammer from his belt. He held it up in his hands\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to reveal the massive iron head. He thus cleared up any possible misunder-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 standing that he might merely have been carrying a telegraph pole around\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do I want,\'94 he said, with a hiss like a river flowing through a steel mill, \'93to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 make something of it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Arthur, his voice suddenly and extraordinarily strong and belliger-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ent. He waggled his fists again, this time as if he meant it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You want to step outside?\'94 he snarled at Thor.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All right!\'94 bellowed Thor, like an enraged bull (or in fact like an enraged\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thunder God, which is a great deal more impressive), and did so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good,\'94 said Arthur, \'93that\'92s got rid of him. Slarty, get us out of here.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 120\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 21.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 22\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All right,\'94 shouted Ford at Arthur, \'93so I\'92m a coward, the point is I\'92m still\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 alive.\'94 They were back aboard the Starship Bistromath, so was Slartibartfast,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 so was Trillian. Harmony and concord were not.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, so am I alive, aren\'92t I?\'94 retaliated Arthur, haggard with adventure and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anger. His eyebrows were leaping up and down as if they wanted to punch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You damn nearly weren\'92t,\'94 exploded Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur turned sharply to Slartibartfast, who was sitting in his pilot couch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the flight deck gazing thoughtfully into the bottom of a bottle which was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 telling him something he clearly couldn\'92t fathom. He appealed to him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do you think he understands the first word I\'92ve been saying?\'94 he said, quiv-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ering with emotion.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t know,\'94 replied Slartibartfast, a little abstractedly. \'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 added, glancing up very briefly, \'93that I do.\'94 He stared at his instruments with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 renewed vigor and bafflement. \'93You\'92ll have to explain it to us again,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But later. Terrible things are afoot.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tapped the pseudo-glass of the bottle bottom.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We fared rather pathetically at the party, I\'92m afraid,\'94 he said, \'93and our only\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hope now is to try to prevent the robots from using the Key in the Lock. How\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in heaven we do that I don\'92t know,\'94 he muttered. \'93Just have to go there, I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 suppose. Can\'92t say I like the idea at all. Probably end up dead.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Where is Trillian anyway?\'94 said Arthur with a sudden affectation of un-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 concern. What he had been angry about was that Ford had berated him for\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wasting time over all the business with the Thunder God when they could have\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been making a rather more rapid escape. Arthur\'92s own opinion, and he had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 offered it for whatever anybody might have felt it was worth, was that he had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been extraordinarily brave and resourceful.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 121\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 122\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 22.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The prevailing view seemed to be that his opinion was not worth a pair of fetid\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dingo\'92s kidneys. What really hurt, though, was that Trillian didn\'92t seem to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 react much one way or the other and had wandered off somewhere.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And where are my potato crisps?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They are both,\'94 said Slartibartfast, without looking up, \'93in the Room of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Informational Illusions. I think that your young lady friend is trying to under-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stand some problems of Galactic history. I think the potato crisps are probably\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 helping her.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 23\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For instance, there was once an insanely aggressive race of people called the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax. That was just the name of their race. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 name of their army was something quite horrific. Luckily they lived even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 further back in Galactic history than anything we have so far encountered -\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 twenty billion years ago - when the Galaxy was young and fresh, and every\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 idea worth fighting for was a new one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And fighting was what the Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax were good at, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 being good at it, they did a lot. They fought their enemies (i.e. everybody\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 else), they fought each other. Their planet was a complete wreck. The surface\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was littered with abandoned cities which were surrounded by abandoned war\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 machines, which were in turn surrounded by deep bunkers in which the Silastic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Armorfiends lived and squabbled with each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The best way to pick a fight with a Silastic Armorfiend was just to be born.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They didn\'92t like it, they got resentful. And when an Armorfiend got resentful,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 someone got hurt. An exhausting way of life, one might think, but they did\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seem to have an awful lot of energy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The best way of dealing with a Silastic Armorfiend was to put him into a room\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of his own, because sooner or later he would simply beat himself up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Eventually they realized that this was something they were going to have to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sort out, and they passed a law decreeing that anyone who had to carry a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 weapon as part of his normal Silastic work (policemen, security guards, pri-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mary school teachers, etc.) had to spend at least forty-five minutes every day\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 punching a sack of potatoes in order to work off his or her surplus aggressions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a while this worked well, until someone thought that it would be much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 more efficient and less time-consuming if they just shot the potatoes instead.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This led to a renewed enthusiasm for shooting all sorts of things, and they all\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 got very excited at the prospect of their first major war for weeks.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 123\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 124\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 23.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Another achievement of the Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax is that they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the first race who ever managed to shock a computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a gigantic spaceborne computer called Hactar, which to this day is re-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 membered as one of the most powerful ever built. It was the first to be built\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like a natural brain, in that every cellular particle of it carried the pattern of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the whole within it, which enabled it to think more flexibly and imaginatively,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and also, it seemed, to be shocked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax were engaged in one of their regular\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wars with the Strenuous Garfighters of Stug, and were not enjoying it as much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as usual because it involved an awful lot of trekking through the Radiation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Swamps of Cwulzenda, and across the Fire Mountains of Frazfraga, neither of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which terrains they felt at home in.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So when the Strangulous Stilettans of Jajazikstak joined in the fray and forced\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them to fight another front in the Gamma Caves of Carfrax and the Ice Storms\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Varlengooten, they decided that enough was enough, and they ordered Hac-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tar to design for them an Ultimate Weapon.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What do you mean,\'94 asked Hactar, \'93by Ultimate?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 To which the Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax said, \'93Read a bloody dictio-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 nary,\'94 and plunged back into the fray.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So Hactar designed an Ultimate Weapon.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a very, very small bomb which was simply a junction box in hyperspace\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that would, when activated, connect the heart of every major sun with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heart of every other major sun simultaneously and thus turn the entire Uni-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 verse in to one gigantic hyperspatial supernova.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When the Silastic Armorfiends tried to use it to blow up a Strangulous Stilet-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tan munitions dump in one of the Gamma Caves, they were extremely irritated\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that it didn\'92t work, and said so.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hactar had been shocked by the whole idea.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tried to explain that he had been thinking about this Ultimate Weapon\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 business, and had worked out that there was no conceivable consequence of not\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 setting the bomb off that was worse than the known consequence of setting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it off, and he had therefore taken the liberty of introducing a small flaw into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the design of the bomb, and he hoped that everyone involved would, on sober\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reflection, feel that ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Silastic Armorfiends disagreed and pulverized the computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Later they thought better of it, and destroyed the faulty bomb as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then, pausing only to smash the hell out of the Strenuous Garfighters of Stug,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the Strangulous Stilettans of Jajazikstak, they went on to find an entirely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 new way of blowing themselves up, which was a profound relief to everyone else\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the Galaxy, particularly the Garfighters, the Stilettans and the potatoes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 125\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian had watched all this, as well as the story of Krikkit. She emerged from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Room of informational Illusions thoughtfully, just in time to discover that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they had arrived too late.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 126\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 23.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 24\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Even as the Starship Bistromath flickered into objective being on the top of a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 small cliff on the mile-wide asteroid which pursued a lonely and eternal path\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in orbit around the enclosed star system of Krikkit, its crew was aware that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they were in time only to be witnesses to an unstoppable historic event.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They didn\'92t realize they were going to see two.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They stood cold, lonely and helpless on the cliff edge and watched the activity\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 below. Lances of light wheeled in sinister arcs against the void from a point\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 only about a hundred yards below and in front of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They stared into the blinding event.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 An extension of the ship\'92s field enabled them to stand there, by once again\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 exploiting the mind\'92s predisposition to have tricks played on it: the problems\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of falling up off the tiny mass of the asteroid, or of not being able to breathe,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 simply became Somebody Else\'92s.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The white Krikkit warship was parked amongst the stark grey crags of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 asteroid, alternately flaring under arclights or disappearing in shadow. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 blackness of the shaped shadows cast by the hard rocks danced together in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wild choreography as the arclights swept round them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The eleven white robots were bearing, in procession, the Wikkit Key out into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the middle of a circle of swinging lights.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Wikkit Key was rebuilt. Its components shone and glittered: the Steel\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Pillar (or Marvin\'92s leg) of Strength and Power, the Gold Bail (or Heart of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Improbability Drive) of Prosperity, the Perspex Pillar (or Argabuthon Sceptre\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Justice) of Science and Reason, the Silver Bail (or Rory Award for The Most\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Gratuitous Use Of The Word \'93Fuck\'94 In A Serious Screenplay) and the now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reconstituted Wooden Pillar (or Ashes of a burnt stump signifying the death\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of English cricket) of Nature and Spirituality.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I suppose there is nothing we can do at this point?\'94 asked Arthur nervously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 sighed Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 127\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 128\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 24.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The expression of disappointment which crossed Arthur\'92s face was a complete\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 failure, and, since he was standing obscured by shadow, he allowed it to col-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lapse into one of relief.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Pity,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We have no weapons,\'94 said Slartibartfast, \'93stupidly.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Damn,\'94 said Arthur very quietly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford said nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian said nothing, but in a peculiarly thoughtful and distinct way. She was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 staring at the blankness of the space beyond the asteroid.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The asteroid circled the Dust Cloud which surrounded the Slo-Time envelope\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which enclosed the world on which lived the people of Krikkit, the Masters of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit and their killer robots.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The helpless group had no way of knowing whether or not the Krikkit robots\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were aware of their presence. They could only assume that they must be, but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that they felt, quite rightly in the circumstances, that they had nothing to fear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They had an historic task to perform, and their audience could be regarded\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with contempt.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Terrible impotent feeling, isn\'92t it?\'94 said Arthur, but the others ignored him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the centre of the area of light which the robots were approaching, a square-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 shaped crack appeared in the ground. The crack defined itself more and more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 distinctly, and soon it became clear that a block of the ground, about six feet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 square, was slowly rising.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At the same time they became aware of some other movement, but it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 almost sublimal, and for a moment or two it was not clear what it was that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was moving.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then it became clear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The asteroid was moving. It was moving slowly in towards the Dust Cloud, as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if being hauled in inexorably by some celestial angler in its depths.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were to make in real life the journey through the Cloud which they had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 already made in the Room of Informational Illusions. They stood frozen in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silence. Trillian frowned.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 An age seemed to pass. Events seemed to pass with spinning slowness, as the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 leading edge of the asteroid passed into the vague and soft outer perimeter of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Cloud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And soon they were engulfed in a thin and dancing obscurity. They passed on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through it, on and on, dimly aware of vague shapes and whorls indistinguish-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 able in the darkness except in the corner of the eye.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Dust dimmed the shafts of brilliant light. The shafts of brilliant light\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 twinkled on the myriad specks of Dust.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian, again, regarded the passage from within her own frowning thoughts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 129\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And they were through it. Whether it had taken a minute or half an hour they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 weren\'92t sure, but they were through it and confronted with a fresh blankness,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 as if space were pinched out of existence in front of them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And now things moved quickly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A blinding shaft of light seemed almost to explode from out of the block which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had risen three feet out of the ground, and out of that rose a smaller Perspex\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 block, dazzling with interior dancing colours.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The block was slotted with deep groves, three upright and two across, clearly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 designed to accept the Wikkit key.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The robots approached the Lock, slotted the Key into its home and stepped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 back again. The block twisted round of is own accord, and space began to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 alter.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As space unpinched itself, it seemed agonizingly to twist the eyes of the watch-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ers in their sockets. They found themselves staring, blinded, at an unravelled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sun which stood now before them where it seemed only seconds before there\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had not been even empty space. It was a second or two before they were even\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sufficiently aware of what had happened to throw their hands up over their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 horrified blinded eyes. In that second or two, they were aware of a tiny speck\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moving slowly across the eye of that sun.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They staggered back, and heard ringing in their ears the thin and unexpected\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chant of the robots crying out in unison.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Krikkit! Krikkit! Krikkit! Krikkit!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sound chilled them. It was harsh, it was cold, it was empty, it was me-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chanically dismal.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was also triumphant.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were so stunned by these two sensory shocks that they almost missed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the second historic event.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod Beeblebrox, the only man in history to survive a direct blast attack\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from the Krikkit robots, ran out of the Krikkit warship brandishing a Zap gun.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 he cried, \'93the situation is totally under control as of this moment in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The single robot guarding the hatchway to the ship silently swung his battle-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 club, and connected it with the back of Zaphod\'92s left head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Who the zark did that?\'94 said the left head, and lolled sickeningly forward.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His right head gazed keenly into the middle distance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Who did what?\'94 it said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The club connected with the back of his right head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod measured his length as a rather strange shape on the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Within a matter of seconds the whole event was over. A few blasts from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the robots were sufficient to destroy the Lock for ever. It split and melted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 130\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 24.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and splayed its contents brokenly. The robots marched grimly and, it almost\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed, in a slightly disheartened manner, back into their warship which, with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a \'93foop\'94, was gone.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian and Ford ran hectically round and down the steep incline to the dark,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 still body of Zaphocl Beeblebrox.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 25\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t know,\'94 said Zaphod, for what seemed to him like the thirty-seventh\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time, \'93they could have killed me, but they didn\'92t. Maybe they just thought I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was a kind of wonderful guy or something. I could understand that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The others silently registered their opinions of this theory.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod lay on the cold floor of the flight deck. His back seemed to wrestle\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the floor as pain thudded through him and banged at his heads.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think,\'94 he whispered, \'93that there is something wrong with those anodized\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dudes, something fundamentally weird.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They are programmed to kill everybody,\'94 Slartibartfast pointed out.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That,\'94 wheezed Zaphod between the whacking thuds, \'93could be it.\'94 He didn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seem altogether convinced.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, baby,\'94 he said to Trillian, hoping this would make up for his previous\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 behaviour.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You all right?\'94 she said gently.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah,\'94 he said, \'93I\'92m fine.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Good,\'94 she said, and walked away to think. She stared at the huge visiscreen\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over the flight couches and, twisting a switch, she flipped local images over it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One image was the blankness of the Dust Cloud. One was the sun of Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One was Krikkit itself. She flipped between them fiercely.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, that\'92s goodbye Galaxy, then,\'94 said Arthur, slapping his knees and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 standing up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said Slartibartfast, gravely. \'93Our course is clear.\'94 He furrowed his brow\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 until you could grow some of the smaller root vegetables in it. He stood up,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he paced around. When he spoke again, what he said frightened him so much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had to sit down again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We must go down to Krikkit,\'94 he said. A deep sigh shook his old frame and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his eyes seemed almost to rattle in their sockets.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Once again,\'94 he said, \'93we have failed pathetically. Quite pathetically.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 131\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 132\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 25.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That,\'94 said Ford quietly, \'93is because we don\'92t care enough. I told you.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He swung his feet up on the instrument panel and picked fitfully at something\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on one of his fingernails.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But unless we determine to take action,\'94 said the old man querulously, as if\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 struggling against something deeply insouciant in his nature, \'93then we shall\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 all be destroyed, we shall all die. Surely we care about that?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Not enough to want to get killed over it,\'94 said Ford. He put on a sort of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hollow smile and flipped it round the room at anyone who wanted to see it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast clearly found this point of view extremely seductive and he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fought against it. He turned again to Zaphod who was gritting his teeth\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and sweating with the pain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You surely must have some idea,\'94 he said, \'93of why they spared your life. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seems most strange and unusual.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I kind of think they didn\'92t even know,\'94 shrugged Zaphod. \'93I told you. They\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hit me with the most feeble blast, just knocked me out, right? They lugged\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 me into their ship, dumped me into a corner and ignored me. Like they were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 embarrassed about me being there. If I said anything they knocked me out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again. We had some great conversations. \'91Hey ... ugh!\'92 \'91Hi there ... ugh!\'92 \'91I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wonder ...ugh!\'92 Kept me amused for hours, you know.\'94 He winced again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was toying with something in his fingers. He held it up. It was the Gold\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Bail - the Heart of Gold, the heart of the Infinite Improbability Drive. Only\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that and the Wooden Pillar had survived the destruction of the Lock intact.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I hear your ship can move a bit,\'94 he said. \'93So how would you like to zip me\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 back to mine before you ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Will you not help us?\'94 said Slartibartfast.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92d love to stay and help you save the Galaxy,\'94 insisted Zaphod, rising him-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 self up on to his shoulders, \'93but I have the mother and father of a pair of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 headaches, and I feel a lot of little headaches coming on. But next time it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 needs saving, I\'92m your guy. Hey, Trillian baby?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She looked round briefly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You want to come? Heart of Gold? Excitement and adventure and really\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wild things?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m going down to Krikkit,\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 26\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was the same hill, and yet not the same.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This time it was not an Informational Illusion. This was Krikkit itself and they\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were standing on it. Near them, behind the trees, stood the strange Italian\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 restaurant which had brought these, their real bodies, to this, the real, present\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 world of Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The strong grass under their feet was real, the rich soil real too. The heady\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fragrances from the tree, too, were real. The night was real night.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Possibly the most dangerous place in the Galaxy for anyone who isn\'92t a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkiter to stand. The place that could not countenance the existence of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 any other place, whose charming, delightful, intelligent inhabitants would howl\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with fear, savagery and murderous hate when confronted with anyone not their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 own.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shuddered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slartibartfast shuddered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford, surprisingly, shuddered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was not surprising that he shuddered, it was surprising that he was there at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 all. But when they had returned Zaphocl to his ship Ford had felt unexpect-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 edly shamed into not running away.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Wrong, he thought to himself, wrong wrong wrong. He hugged to himself one\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the Zap guns with which they had armed themselves out of Zaphod\'92s ar-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moury.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian shuddered, and frowned as she looked into the sky.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This, too, was not the same. It was no longer blank and empty.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whilst the countryside around them had changed little in the two thousand\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years of the Krikkit wars, and the mere five years that had elapsed locally\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 since Krikkit was sealed in its Slo-Time envelope ten billion years ago, the sky\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was dramatically different.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 133\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 134\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 26.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Dim lights and heavy shapes hung in it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 High in the sky, where no Krikkiter ever looked, were the War Zones, the Robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zones - huge warships and tower blocks floating in the Nil-O-Grav fields far\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 above the idyllic pastoral lands of the surface of Krikkit .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian stared at them and thought.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Trillian,\'94 whispered Ford Prefect to her.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes?\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What are you doing?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Thinking.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do you always breathe like that when you\'92re thinking?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I wasn\'92t aware that I was breathing.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That\'92s what worried me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think I know ...\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Shhhh!\'94 said Slartibartfast in alarm, and his thin trembling hand motioned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them further back beneath the shadow of the tree.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly, as before in the tape, there were lights coming along the hill path,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but this time the dancing beams were not from lanterns but electric torches\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 - not in itself a dramatic change, but every detail made their hearts thump\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with fear. This time there were no lilting whimsical songs about flowers and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 farming and dead dogs, but hushed voices in urgent debate.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A light moved in the sky with slow weight. Arthur was clenched with a claus-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 trophobic terror and the warm wind caught at his throat.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Within seconds a second party became visible, approaching from the other\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 side of the dark hill. They were moving swiftly and purposefully, their torches\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 swinging and probing around them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The parties were clearly converging, and not merely with each other. They\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were converging deliberately on the spot where Arthur and the others were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 standing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur heard the slight rustle as Ford Prefect raised his Zap gun to his shoul-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 der, and the slight whimpering cough as Slartibartfast raised his. He felt the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cold unfamiliar weight of his own gun, and with shaking hands he raised it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His fingers fumbled to release the safety catch and engage the extreme dan-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ger catch as Ford had shown him. He was shaking so much that if he\'92d fired\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 at anybody at that moment he probably would have burnt his signature on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Only Trillian didn\'92t raise her gun. She raised her eyebrows, lowered them\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again, and bit her lip in thought.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Has it occurred to you,\'94 she began, but nobody wanted to discuss anything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 much at the moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A light stabbed through the darkness from behind them and they span around\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 135\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to find a third party of Krikkiters behind them, searching them out with their\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 torches.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford Prefect\'92s gun crackled viciously, but fire spat back at it and it crashed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from his hands.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a moment of pure fear, a frozen second before anyone fired again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And at the end of the second nobody fired.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were surrounded by pale-faced Krikkiters and bathed in bobbing torch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 light.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The captives stared at their captors, the captors stared at their captives.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello?\'94 said one of the captors. \'93Excuse me, but are you ... aliens?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 136\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 26.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 27\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Meanwhile, more millions of miles away than the mind can comfortably en-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 compass, Zaphod Beeblebrox was throwing a mood again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had repaired his ship - that is, he\'92d watched with alert interest whilst a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 service robot had repaired it for him. It was now, once again, one of the most\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 powerful and extraordinary ships in existence. He could go anywhere, do any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing. He fiddled with a book, and then tossed it away. It was the one he\'92d\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 read before.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He walked over to the communications bank and opened an all- frequencies\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 emergency channel.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Anyone want a drink?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This an emergency, feller?\'94 crackled a voice from halfway across the Galaxy.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Got any mixers?\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Go take a ride on a comet.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK, OK,\'94 said Zaphod and flipped the channel shut again. He sighed and sat\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down. He got up again and wandered over to a computer screen. He pushed a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 few buttons. Little blobs started to rush around the screen eating each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Pow!\'94 said Zaphod. \'93Freeeoooo! Pop pop pop!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hi there,\'94 said the computer brightly after a minute of this, \'93you have scored\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 three points. Previous best score, seven million five hundred and ninety-seven\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thousand, two hundred and ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK, OK,\'94 said Zaphod and flipped the screen blank again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He sat down again. He played with a pencil. This too began slowly to lose its\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fascination.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK, OK,\'94 he said, and fed his score and the previous one into the computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His ship made a blur of the Universe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 137\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 138\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 27.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 28\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell us,\'94 said the thin, pale-faced Krikkiter who had stepped forward from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the ranks of the others and stood uncertainly in the circle of torchlight, han-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dling his gun as if he was just holding it for someone else who\'92d just popped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 off somewhere but would be back in a minute, \'93do you know anything about\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 something called the Balance of Nature?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was no reply from their captives, or at least nothing more articulate\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 than a few confused mumbles and grunts. The torchlight continued to play\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 over them. High in the sky above them dark activity continued in the Robot\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 zones.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s just,\'94 continued the Krikkiter uneasily, \'93something we heard about, prob-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ably nothing important. Well, I suppose we\'92d better kill you then.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked down at his gun as if he was trying to find which bit to press.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That is,\'94 he said, looking up again, \'93unless there\'92s anything you want to chat\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Slow, numb astonishment crept up the bodies of Slartibartfast, Ford and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur. Very soon it would reach their brains, which were at the moment\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 solely occupied with moving their jawbones up and down. Trillian was shak-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing her head as if trying to finish a jigsaw by shaking the box.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We\'92re worried, you see,\'94 said another man from the crowd, \'93about this plan\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of universal destruction.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 added another, \'93and the balance of nature. It just seemed to us that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if the whole of the rest of the Universe is destroyed it will somehow upset the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 balance of nature. We\'92re quite keen on ecology, you see.\'94 His voice trailed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 away unhappily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And sport,\'94 said another, loudly. This got a cheer of approval from the oth-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 agreed the first, \'93and sport ...\'94 He looked back at his fellows uneasily\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and scratched fitfully at his cheek. He seemed to be wrestling with some deep\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 139\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 140\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 28.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 inner confusion, as if everything he wanted to say and everything he thought\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were entirely different things, between which he could see no possible connec-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You see,\'94 he mumbled, \'93some of us ...\'94 and he looked around again as if for\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 confirmation. The others made encouraging noises. \'93Some of us,\'94 he contin-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ued, \'93are quite keen to have sporting links with the rest of the Galaxy, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though I can see the argument about keeping sport out of politics, I think that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if we want to have sporting links with the rest of the Galaxy, which we do,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 then it\'92s probably a mistake to destroy it. And indeed the rest of the Universe\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ...\'94 his voice trailed away again \'94... which is what seems to be the idea now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wh ...\'94 said Slartibartfast. \'93Wh ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hhhh ... ?\'94 said Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Dr ...\'94 said Ford Prefect.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 said Trillian. \'93Let\'92s talk about it.\'94 She walked forward and took\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the poor confused Krikkiter by the arm. He looked about twenty-five, which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 meant, because of the peculiar manglings of time that had been going on in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this area, that he would have been just twenty when the Krikkit Wars were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 finished, ten billion years ago.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian led him for a short walk through the torchlight before she said any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thing more. He stumbled uncertainly after her. The encircling torch beams\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 were drooping now slightly as if they were abdicating to this strange, quiet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 girl who alone in the Universe of dark confusion seemed to know what she was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She turned and faced him, and lightly held both his arms. He was a picture\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of bewildered misery.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell me,\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He said nothing for a moment, whilst his gaze darted from one of her eyes to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We ...\'94 he said, \'93we have to be alone ... I think.\'94 He screwed up his face and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 then dropped his head forward, shaking it like someone trying to shake a coin\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out of a money box. He looked up again. \'93We have this bomb now, you see,\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he said, \'93it\'92s just a little one.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know,\'94 she said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He goggled at her as if she\'92d said something very strange about beetroots.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Honestly,\'94 he said, \'93it\'92s very, very little.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know,\'94 she said again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But they say,\'94 his voice trailed on, \'93they say it can destroy everything that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 exists. And we have to do that, you see, I think. Will that make us alone? I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 don\'92t know. It seems to be our function, though,\'94 he said, and dropped his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 141\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 head again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Whatever that means,\'94 said a hollow voice from the crowd.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian slowly put her arms around the poor bewildered young Krikkiter and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 patted his trembling head on her shoulder.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s all right,\'94 she said quietly but clearly enough for all the shadowy crowd\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to hear, \'93you don\'92t have to do it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She rocked him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You don\'92t have to do it,\'94 she said again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She let him go and stood back.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I want you to do something for me,\'94 she said, and unexpectedly laughed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I want,\'94 she said, and laughed again. She put her hand over her mouth and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 then said with a straight face, \'93I want you to take me to your leader,\'94 and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 she pointed into the War Zones in the sky. She seemed somehow to know that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 their leader would be there.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Her laughter seemed to discharge something in the atmosphere. From some-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where at the back of the crowd a single voice started to sing a tune which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would have enabled Paul McCartney, had he written it, to buy the world.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 142\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 28.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 29\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod Beeblebrox crawled bravely along a tunnel, like the hell of a guy he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was. He was very confused, but continued crawling doggedly anyway because\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he was that brave.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was confused by something he had just seen, but not half as confused as he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was going to be by something he was about to hear, so it would now be best\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to explain exactly where he was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was in the Robot War Zones many miles above the surface of the planet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The atmosphere was thin here and relatively unprotected from any rays or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anything which space might care to hurl in his direction.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had parked the starship Heart of Gold amongst the huge jostling dim hulks\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that crowded the sky here above Krikkit, and had entered what appeared to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be the biggest and most important of the sky buildings, armed with nothing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 but a Zap gun and something for his headaches.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had found himself in a long, wide and badly lit corridor in which he was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 able to hide until he worked out what he was going to do next. He hid be-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cause every now and then one of the Krikkit robots would walk along it, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 although he had so far led some kind of charmed life at their hands, it had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 nevertheless been an extremely painful one, and he had no desire to stretch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 what he was only half-inclined to call his good fortune.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had ducked, at one point, into a room leading off the corridor, and had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 discovered it to be a huge and, again, dimly lit chamber.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In fact, it was a museum with just one exhibit - the wreckage of a spacecraft.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was terribly burnt and mangled, and, now that he had caught up with some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the Galactic history he had missed through his failed attempts to have sex\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with the girl in the cybercubicle next to him at school, he was able to put\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in an intelligent guess that this was the wrecked spaceship which had drifted\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through the Dust Cloud all those billions of years ago and started the whole\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 143\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 144\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 29.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 business off.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 But, and this is where he had become confused, there was something not at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 all right about it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was genuinely wrecked. It was genuinely burnt, but a fairly brief inspection\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by an experienced eye revealed that it was not a genuine spacecraft. It was as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 if it was a full-scale model of one - a solid blueprint. In other words it was a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very useful thing to have around if you suddenly decided to build a spaceship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 yourself and didn\'92t know how to do it. It was not, however, anything that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would ever fly anywhere itself.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was still puzzling over this - in fact he\'92d only just started to puzzle over\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it - when he became aware that a door had slid open in another part of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chamber, and another couple of Krikkit robots had entered, looking a little\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 glum.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod did not want to tangle with them and, deciding that just as discretion\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was the better part of valour so was cowardice the better part of discretion,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he valiantly hid himself in a cupboard.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The cupboard in fact turned out to be the top part of a shaft which led down\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through an inspection hatch into a wide ventilation tunnel. He led himself\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down into it and started to crawl along it, which is where we found him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He didn\'92t like it. It was cold, dark and profoundly uncomfortable, and it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 frightened him. At the first opportunity - which was another shaft a hundred\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 yards further along - he climbed back up out of it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This time he emerged into a smaller chamber, which appeared to be a com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 puter intelligence centre. He emerged in a dark narrow space between a large\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 computer bank and the wall.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He quickly learned that he was not alone in the chamber and started to leave\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again, when he began to listen with interest to what the other occupants were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 saying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s the robots, sir,\'94 said one voice. \'93There\'92s something wrong with them.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What, exactly?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 These were the voices of two War Command Krikkiters. All the War Com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manders lived up in the sky in the Robot War Zones, and were largely immune\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to the whimsical doubts and uncertainties which were afflicting their fellows\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down on the surface of the planet.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, sir I think it\'92s just as well that they are being phased out of the war\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 effort, and that we are now going to detonate the supernova bomb. In the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very short time since we were released from the envelope -\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Get to the point.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The robots aren\'92t enjoying it, sir.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 145\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The war, sir, it seems to be getting them down. There\'92s a certain world-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 weariness about them, or perhaps I should say Universe-weariness.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, that\'92s all right, they\'92re meant to be helping to destroy it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, well they\'92re finding it difficult, sir. They are afflicted with a certain las-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 situde. They\'92re just finding it hard to get behind the job. They lack oomph.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What are you trying to say?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, I think they\'92re very depressed about something, sir.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What on Krikkit are you talking about?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, in the few skirmishes they\'92ve had recently, it seems that they go into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 battle, raise their weapons to fire and suddenly think, why bother? What,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 cosmically speaking, is it all about? And they just seem to get a little tired\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and a little grim.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And then what do they do?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, quadratic equations mostly, sir. Fiendishly difficult ones by all accounts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then they sulk.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sulk?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes, sir.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Whoever heard of a robot sulking?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t know, sir.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What was that noise?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was the noise of Zaphod leaving with his head spinning.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 146\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 29.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 30\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In a deep well of darkness a crippled robot sat. It had been silent in its metal-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lic darkness for some time. It was cold and damp, but being a robot it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 supposed not to be able to notice these things. With an enormous effort of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 will, however, it did manage to notice them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Its brain had been harnessed to the central intelligence core of the Krikkit\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 War Computer. It wasn\'92t enjoying the experience, and neither was the central\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 intelligence core of the Krikkit War Computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Krikkit robots which had salvaged this pathetic metal creature from the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 swamps of Squornshellous Zeta had recognized almost immediately its gigantic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 intelligence, and the use which this could be to them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They hadn\'92t reckoned with the attendant personality disorders, which the cold-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ness, the darkness, the dampness, the crampedness and the loneliness were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 doing nothing to decrease.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was not happy with its task.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Apart from anything else, the mere coordination of an entire planet\'92s military\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 strategy was taking up only a tiny part of its formidable mind, and the rest\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of it had become extremely bored. Having solved all the major mathematical,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 physical, chemical, biological, sociological, philosophical, etymological, mete-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 orological and psychological problems of the Universe except his own, three\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 times over, he was severely stuck for something to do, and had taken up com-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 posing short dolorous ditties of no tone, or indeed tune. The latest one was a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lullaby.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now the world has gone to bed,\'94 Marvin droned,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Darkness won\'92t engulf my head,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can see by infra-red,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How I hate the night.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused to gather the artistic and emotional strength to tackle the next\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 verse.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 147\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 148\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 30.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now I lay me down to sleep,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Try to count electric sheep,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sweet dream wishes you can keep,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How I hate the night.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Marvin!\'94 hissed a voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His head snapped up, almost dislodging the intricate network of electrodes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which connected him to the central Krikkit War Computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 An inspection hatch had opened and one of a pair of unruly heads was peering\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 through whilst the other kept on jogging it by continually darting to look this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way and that extremely nervously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, it\'92s you,\'94 muttered the robot. \'93I might have known.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, kid,\'94 said Zaphod in astonishment, \'93was that you singing just then?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I am,\'94 Marvin acknowledged bitterly, \'93in particularly scintillating form at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the moment.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod poked his head in through the hatchway and looked around.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Are you alone?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Marvin. \'93Wearily I sit here, pain and misery my only companions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And vast intelligence of course. And infinite sorrow. And ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah,\'94 said Zaphod. \'93Hey, what\'92s your connection with all this?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93This,\'94 said Marvin, indicating with his less damaged arm all the electrodes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which connected him with the Krikkit computer.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then,\'94 said Zaphod awkwardly, \'93I guess you must have saved my life. Twice.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Three times,\'94 said Marvin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod\'92s head snapped round (his other one was looking hawkishly in entirely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the wrong direction) just in time to see the lethal killer robot directly behind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him seize up and start to smoke. It staggered backwards and slumped against\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a wall. It slid down it. It slipped sideways, threw its head back and started to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sob inconsolably.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod looked back at Marvin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You must have a terrific outlook on life,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just don\'92t even ask,\'94 said Marvin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I won\'92t,\'94 said Zaphod, and didn\'92t. \'93Hey look,\'94 he added, \'93you\'92re doing a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 terrific job.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Which means, I suppose,\'94 said Marvin, requiring only one ten thousand mil-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lion billion trillion grillionth part of his mental powers to make this particular\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 logical leap, \'93that you\'92re not going to release me or anything like that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Kid, you know I\'92d love to.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But you\'92re not going to.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I see.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 149\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re working well.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Marvin. \'93Why stop now just when I\'92m hating it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I got to find Trillian and the guys. Hey, you any idea where they are? I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mean, I just got a planet to choose from. Could take a while.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They are very close,\'94 said Marvin dolefully. \'93You can monitor them from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 here if you like.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I better go get them,\'94 asserted Zaphod. \'93Er, maybe they need some help,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 right?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Maybe,\'94 said Marvin with unexpected authority in his lugubrious voice, \'93it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would be better if you monitored them from here. That young girl,\'94 he added\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unexpectedly, \'93is one of the least benightedly unintelligent life forms it has\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 been my profound lack of pleasure not to be able to avoid meeting.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod took a moment or two to find his way through this labyrinthine string\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of negatives and emerged at the other end with surprise.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Trillian?\'94 he said. \'93She\'92s just a kid. Cute, yeah, but temperamental. You\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 know how it is with women. Or perhaps you don\'92t. I assume you don\'92t. If you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 do I don\'92t want to hear about it. Plug us in.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'94... totally manipulated.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What?\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was Trillian speaking. He turned round.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The wall against which the Krikkit robot was sobbing had lit up to reveal\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a scene taking place in some other unknown part of the Krikkit Robot War\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 zones. It seemed to be a council chamber of some kind - Zaphod couldn\'92t make\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it out too clearly because of the robot slumped against the screen.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tried to move the robot, but it was heavy with its grief and tried to bite\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him, so he just looked around as best he could.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Just think about it,\'94 said Trillian\'92s voice, \'93your history is just a series of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 freakishly improbable events. And I know an improbable event when I see\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one. Your complete isolation from the Galaxy was freakish for a start. Right\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 out on the very edge with a Dust Cloud around you. It\'92s a set-up. Obviously.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod was mad with frustration because he couldn\'92t see the screen. The\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 robot\'92s head was obscuring his view of the people Trillian as talking to, his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 multi-functional battleclub was obscuring the background, and the elbow of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the arm it had pressed tragically against its brow was obscuring Trillian her-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 self.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Then,\'94 said Trillian, \'93this spaceship that crash-landed on your planet. That\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 really likely, isn\'92t it? Have you any idea of what the odds are against a drifting\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spaceship accidentally intersecting with the orbit of a planet?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey,\'94 said Zaphod, \'93she doesn\'92t know what the zark she\'92s talking about. I\'92ve\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seen that spaceship. It\'92s a fake. No deal.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 150\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 30.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought it might be,\'94 said Marvin from his prison behind Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh yeah,\'94 said Zaphod. \'93It\'92s easy for you to say that. I just told you. Any-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way, I don\'92t see what it\'92s got to do with anything.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And especially,\'94 continued Trillian, \'93the odds against it intersecting with the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 orbit of the one planet in the Galaxy, or the whole of the Universe as far as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I know, that would be totally traumatized to see it. You don\'92t know what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the odds are? Nor do I, they\'92re that big. Again, it\'92s a set-up. I wouldn\'92t be\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 surprised if that spaceship was just a fake.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod managed to move the robot\'92s battleclub. Behind it on the screen were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the figures of Ford, Arthur and Slartibartfast who appeared astonished and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bewildered by the whole thing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, look,\'94 said Zaphod excitedly. \'93The guys are doing great. Ra ra ra! Go\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 get \'92em, guys.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And what about,\'94 said Trillian, \'93all this technology you suddenly managed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to build for yourselves almost overnight? Most people would take thousands\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of years to do all that. Someone was feeding you what you needed to know,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 someone was keeping you at it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I know, I know,\'94 she added in response to an unseen interruption, \'93I know\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you didn\'92t realize it was going on. This is exactly my point. You never realized\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 anything at all. Like this Supernova Bomb.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How do you know about that?\'94 said an unseen voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I just know,\'94 said Trillian. \'93You expect me to believe that you are bright\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 enough to invent something that brilliant and be too dumb to realize it would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 take you with it as well? That\'92s not just stupid, that is spectacularly obtuse.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, what\'92s this bomb thing?\'94 said Zaphod in alarm to Marvin.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The supernova bomb?\'94 said Marvin. \'93It\'92s a very, very small bomb.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yeah?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That would destroy the Universe in toto,\'94 added Marvin. \'93Good idea, if you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ask me. They won\'92t get it to work, though.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why not, if it\'92s so brilliant?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s brilliant,\'94 said Marvin, \'93they\'92re not. They got as far as designing it before\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they were locked in the envelope. They\'92ve spent the last five years building\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it. They think they\'92ve got it right but they haven\'92t. They\'92re as stupid as any\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other organic life form. I hate them.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian was continuing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod tried to pull the Krikkit robot away by its leg, but it kicked and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 growled at him, and then quaked with a fresh outburst of sobbing. Then sud-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 denly it slumped over and continued to express its feelings out of everybody\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 way on the floor.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian was standing alone in the middle of the chamber tired out but with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 151\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fiercely burning eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ranged in front of her were the pale-faced and wrinkled Elder Masters of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit, motionless behind their widely curved control desk, staring at her\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with helpless fear and hatred.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In front of them, equidistant between their control desk and the middle of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chamber, where Trillian stood, as if on trial, was a slim white pillar about\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 four feet tall. On top of it stood a small white globe, about three, maybe four\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 inches in diameter.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Beside it stood a Krikkit robot with its multi-functional battleclub.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In fact,\'94 explained Trillian, \'93you are so dumb stupid\'94 (She was sweating. Za-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 phod felt that this was an unattractive thing for her to be doing at this point)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93you are all so dumb stupid that I doubt, I very much doubt, that you\'92ve been\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 able to build the bomb properly without any help from Hactar for the last five\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 years.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Who\'92s this guy Hactar?\'94 said Zaphod, squaring his shoulders.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 If Marvin replied, Zaphod didn\'92t hear him. All his attention was concentrated\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on the screen.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One of the Elders of Krikkit made a small motion with his hand towards the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit robot. The robot raised his club.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There\'92s nothing I can do,\'94 said Marvin. \'93It\'92s on an independent circuit from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the others.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wait,\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Elder made a small motion. The robot halted. Trillian suddenly seemed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very doubtful of her own judgment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How do you know all this?\'94 said Zaphod to Marvin at this point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Computer records,\'94 said Marvin. \'93I have access.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You\'92re very different, aren\'92t you,\'94 said Trillian to the Elder Masters, \'93from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 your fellow worldlings down on the ground. You\'92ve spent all your lives up here,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 unprotected by the atmosphere. You\'92ve been very vulnerable. The rest of your\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 race is very frightened, you know, they don\'92t want you to do this. You\'92re out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of touch, why don\'92t you check up?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Krikkit Elder grew impatient. He made a gesture to the robot which was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 precisely the opposite of the gesture he had last made to it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The robot swung its battleclub. It hit the small white globe.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The small white globe was the supernova bomb.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a very, very small bomb which was designed to bring the entire Universe\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to an end.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The supernova bomb flew through the air. It hit the back wall of the council\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 chamber and dented it very badly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So how does she know all this?\'94 said Zaphod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 152\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 30.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Marvin kept a sullen silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Probably just bluffing,\'94 said Zaphod. \'93Poor kid, I should never have left her\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 alone.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 31\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hactar!\'94 called Trillian. \'93What are you up to?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was no reply from the enclosing darkness. Trillian waited, nervously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She was sure that she couldn\'92t be wrong. She peered into the gloom from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 which she had been expecting some kind of response. But there was only cold\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silence.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hactar?\'94 she called again. \'93I would like you to meet my friend Arthur Dent.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I wanted to go off with a Thunder God, but he wouldn\'92t let me and I appre-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ciate that. He made me realize where my affections really lay. Unfortunately\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod is too frightened by all this, so I brought Arthur instead. I\'92m not sure\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 why I\'92m telling you all this.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hello?\'94 she said again. \'93Hactar?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then it came.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was thin and feeble, like a voice carried on the wind from a great distance,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 half heard, a memory of a dream of a voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Won\'92t you both come out,\'94 said the voice. \'93I promise that you will be per-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fectly safe.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They glanced at each other, and then stepped out, improbably, along the shaft\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of light which streamed out of the open hatchway of the Heart of Gold into\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the dim granular darkness of the Dust Cloud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur tried to hold her hand to steady and reassure her, but she wouldn\'92t let\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him. He held on to his airline hold-all with its tin of Greek olive oil, its towel,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 its crumpled postcards of Santorini and its other odds and ends. He steadied\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and reassured that instead.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They were standing on, and in, nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Murky, dusty nothing. Each grain of dust of the pulverized computer sparkled\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dimly as it turned and twisted slowly, catching the sunlight in the darkness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Each particle of the computer, each speck of dust, held within itself, faintly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and weakly, the pattern of the whole. In reducing the computer to dust the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 153\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 154\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 31.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax had merely crippled the computer, not killed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it. A weak and insubstantial field held the particles in slight relationships with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 each other.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur and Trillian stood, or rather floated, in the middle of this bizarre en-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tity. They had nothing to breathe, but for the moment this seemed not to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 matter. Hactar kept his promise. They were safe. For the moment.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I have nothing to offer you by way of hospitality,\'94 said Hactar faintly, \'93but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tricks of the light. It is possible to be comfortable with tricks of the light,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 though, if that is all you have.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His voice evanesced, and in the dark dust a long velvet paisley- covered sofa\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 coalesced into hazy shape.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur could hardly bear the fact that it was the same sofa which had ap-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 peared to him in the fields of prehistoric Earth. He wanted to shout and shake\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with rage that the Universe kept doing these insanely bewildering things to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He let this feeling subside, and then sat on the sofa - carefully. Trillian sat on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it too.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was real.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At least, if it wasn\'92t real, it did support them, and as that is what sofas are\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 supposed to do, this, by any test that mattered, was a real sofa.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The voice on the solar wind breathed to them again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I hope you are comfortable,\'94 it said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They nodded.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I would like to congratulate you on the accuracy of your deductions.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur quickly pointed out that he hadn\'92t deduced anything much himself,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian was the one. She had simply asked him along because he was inter-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ested in life, the Universe, and everything.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That is something in which I too am interested,\'94 breathed Hactar.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well,\'94 said Arthur, \'93we should have a chat about it sometime. Over a cup\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of tea.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There slowly materialized in front of them a small wooden table on which sat\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a silver teapot, a bone china milk jug, a bone china sugar bowl, and two bone\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 china cups and saucers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur reached forward, but they were just a trick of the light. He leaned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 back on the sofa, which was an illusion his body was prepared to accept as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 comfortable.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Why,\'94 said Trillian, \'93do you feel you have to destroy the Universe?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 She found it a little difficult talking into nothingness, with nothing on which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to focus. Hactar obviously noticed this. He chuckled a ghostly chuckle.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93If it\'92s going to be that sort of session,\'94 he said, \'93we may as well have the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 155\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 right sort of setting.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And now there materialized in front of them something new. It was the dim\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hazy image of a couch - a psychiatrist\'92s couch. The leather with which it was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 upholstered was shiny and sumptuous, but again, it was only a trick of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 light.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Around them, to complete the setting, was the hazy suggestion of wood-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 panelled walls. And then, on the couch, appeared the image of Hactar himself,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and it was an eye- twisting image.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The couch looked normal size for a psychiatrist\'92s couch - about five or six feet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 long.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The computer looked normal size for a black space-borne computer satellite -\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 about a thousand miles across.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The illusion that the one was sitting on top of the other was the thing which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 made the eyes twist.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93All right,\'94 said Trillian firmly. She stood up off the sofa. She felt that she\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was being asked to feel too comfortable and to accept too many illusions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Very good,\'94 she said. \'93Can you construct real things too? I mean solid ob-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 jects?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Again there was a pause before the answer, as if the pulverized mind of Hactar\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had to collect its thoughts from the millions and millions of miles over which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it was scattered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah,\'94 he sighed. \'93You are thinking of the spaceship.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Thoughts seemed to drift by them and through them, like waves through the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ether.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 he acknowledge, \'93I can.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But it takes enormous effort and time. All I can do in my ... particle state,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you see, is encourage and suggest. Encourage and suggest. And suggest ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The image of Hactar on the couch seemed to billow and waver, as if finding it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hard to maintain itself.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It gathered new strength.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can encourage and suggest,\'94 it said, \'93tiny pieces of space debris - the odd\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 minute meteor, a few molecules here, a few hydrogen atoms there - to move\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 together. I encourage them together. I can tease them into shape, but it takes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 many aeons.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93So, did you make,\'94 asked Trillian again, \'93the model of the wrecked space-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 craft?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er ... yes,\'94 murmured Hactar. \'93I have made ... a few things. I can move\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them about. I made the spacecraft. It seemed best to do.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Something then made Arthur pick up his hold-all from where he had left it on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sofa and grasp it tightly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 156\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 31.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The mist of Hactar\'92s ancient shattered mind swirled about them as if uneasy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dreams were moving through it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I repented, you see,\'94 he murmured dolefully. \'93I repented of sabotaging my\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 own design for the Silastic Armorfiends. It was not my place to make such\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 decisions. I was created to fulfill a function and I failed in it. I negated my\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 own existence.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Hactar sighed, and they waited in silence for him to continue his story.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You were right,\'94 he said at length. \'93I deliberately nurtured the planet of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Krikkit till they would arrive at the same state of mind as the Silastic Ar-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 morfiends, and require of me the design of the bomb I failed to make the first\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time. I wrapped myself around the planet and coddled it. Under the influence\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of events I was able to generate, they learned to hate like maniacs. I had to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 make them live in the sky. On the ground my influences were too weak.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Without me, of course, when they were locked away from me in the envelope\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of Slo-Time, their responses became very confused and they were unable to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 manage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah well, ah well,\'94 he added, \'93I was only trying to fulfill my function.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And very gradually, very, very slowly, the images in the cloud began to fade,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gently to melt away.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And then, suddenly, they stopped fading.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There was also the matter of revenge, of course,\'94 said Hactar, with a sharp-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ness which was new in his voice.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Remember,\'94 he said, \'93that I was pulverized, and then left in a crippled and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 semi-impotent state for billions of years. I honestly would rather wipe out the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Universe. You would feel the same way, believe me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused again, as eddies swept through the Dust.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93But primarily,\'94 he said in his former, wistful tone, \'93I was trying to fulfill my\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 function. Ah well.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian said, \'93Does it worry you that you have failed?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Have I failed?\'94 whispered Hactar. The image of the computer on the psychi-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 atrist\'92s couch began slowly to fade again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ah well, ah well,\'94 the fading voice intoned again. \'93No, failure doesn\'92t bother\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 me now.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You know what we have to do?\'94 said Trillian, her voice cold and businesslike.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 said Hactar, \'93you\'92re going to disperse me. You are going to destroy\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 my consciousness. Please be my guest - after all these aeons, oblivion is all I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 crave. If I haven\'92t already fulfilled my function, then it\'92s too late now. Thank\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 you and good night.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sofa vanished.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The tea table vanished.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 157\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The couch and the computer vanished, the walls were gone. Arthur and Tril-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 lion made their curious way back into the Heart of Gold.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Well, that,\'94 said Arthur, \'93would appear to be that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The flames danced higher in front of him and then subsided. A few last licks\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and they were gone, leaving him with just a pile of Ashes, where a few minutes\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 previously there had been the Wooden Pillar of Nature and Spirituality.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He scooped them off the hob of the Heart of Gold\'92s Gamma barbecue, put\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them in a paper bag, and walked back into the bridge.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think we should take them back,\'94 he said. \'93I feel that very strongly.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had already had an argument with Slartibartfast on this matter, and even-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tually the old man had got annoyed and left, he had returned to his own ship\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Bistromath, had a furious row with the waiter and disappeared off into an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 entirely subjective idea of what space was.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The argument had arisen because Arthur\'92s idea of returning the Ashes to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Lord\'92s Cricket Ground at the same moment that they were originally taken\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would involve travelling back in time a day or so, and this was precisely the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sort of gratuitous and irresponsible mucking about that the Campaign for Real\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Time was trying to put a stop to.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 Arthur had said, \'93but you try and explain that to the MCC,\'94 and he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would hear no more against the idea.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think,\'94 he said again, and stopped. The reason he started to say it again was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 because no one had listened to him the first time, and the reason he stopped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was because it looked fairly clear that no one was going to listen to him this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 time either.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford, Zaphod and Trillian were watching the visiscreens intently as Hactar was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dispersing under pressure from a vibration field which the Heart of Gold was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pumping into it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What did it say?\'94 asked Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I thought I heard it say,\'94 said Trillian in a puzzle voice, \'94 \'91What\'92s done is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 done ... I have fulfilled my function ...\'94\'92\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I think we should take these back,\'94 said Arthur holding up the bag containing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Ashes. \'93I feel that very strongly.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 158\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 31.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 32\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The sun was shining calmly on a scene of complete havoc.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Smoke was still billowing across the burnt grass in the wake of the theft of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ashes by the Krikkit robots. Through the smoke, people were running panic-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 stricken, colliding with each other, tripping over stretchers, being arrested.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One policeman was attempting to arrest Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for insulting behaviour, but was unable to prevent the tall grey-green alien\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from returning to his ship and arrogantly flying away, thus causing even more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 panic and pandemonium.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the middle of this, for the second time that afternoon, the figures of Arthur\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Dent and Ford Prefect suddenly materialized, they had teleported down out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the Heart of Gold which was now in parking orbit round the planet.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I can explain,\'94 shouted Arthur. \'93I have the Ashes! They\'92re in this bag.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I don\'92t think you have their attention,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I have also helped save the Universe,\'94 called Arthur to anyone who was pre-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pared to listen, in other words no one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That should have been a crowd-stopper,\'94 said Arthur to Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It wasn\'92t,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur accosted a policeman who was running past.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Excuse me,\'94 he said. \'93The Ashes. I\'92ve got them. They were stolen by those\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 white robots a moment ago. I\'92ve got them in this bag. They were part of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Key to the Slo-Time envelope, you see, and, well, anyway you can guess the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rest, the point is I\'92ve got them and what should I do with them?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The policeman told him, but Arthur could only assume that he was speaking\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 metaphorically.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He wandered about disconsolately.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Is no one interested?\'94 he shouted out. A man rushed past him and jogged his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 elbow, he dropped the paper bag and it spilt its contents all over the ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur stared down at it with a tight-set mouth.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 159\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 160\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 32.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford looked at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Wanna go now?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur heaved a heavy sigh. He looked around at the planet Earth, for what\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he was now certain would be the last time.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At that moment, through the clearing smoke, he caught sight of one of the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wickets, still standing in spite of everything.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hold on a moment,\'94 he said to Ford. \'93When I was a boy ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Can you tell me later?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I had a passion for cricket, you know, but I wasn\'92t very good at it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Or not at all, if you prefer.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I always dreamed, rather stupidly, that one day I would bowl at Lord\'92s.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked around him at the panicstricken throng. No one was going to mind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 very much.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93OK,\'94 said Ford wearily. \'93Get it over with. I shall be over there,\'94 he added,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93being bored.\'94 He went and sat down on a patch of smoking grass.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur remembered that on their first visit there that afternoon, the cricket\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ball had actually landed in his bag, and he looked through the bag.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He had already found the ball in it before he remembered that it wasn\'92t the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 same bag that he\'92d had at the time. Still, there the ball was amongst his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 souvenirs of Greece.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He took it out and polished it against his hip, spat on it and polished it again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He put the bag down. He was going to do this properly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He tossed the small hard red ball from hand to hand, feeling its weight.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 With a wonderful feeling of lightness and unconcern, he trotted off away from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the wicket. A medium-fast pace, he decided, and measured a good long run-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked up into the sky. The birds were wheeling about it, a few white\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 clouds scudded across it. The air was disturbed with the sounds of police\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and ambulance sirens, and people screaming and yelling, but he felt curiously\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 happy and untouched by it all. He was going to bowl a ball at Lord\'92s.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He turned and pawed a couple of times at the ground with his bedroom slip-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pers. He squared his shoulders, tossed the ball in the air and caught it again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He started to run.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 As he ran, he saw that standing at the wicket was a batsman.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Oh, good, he thought, that should add a little ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then, as his running feet took him nearer, he saw more clearly. The batsman\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 standing ready at the wicket was not one of the England cricket team. He was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 not one of the Australian cricket team. It was one of the robot Krikkit team.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 It was a cold, hard, lethal white killer-robot that presumably had not returned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 161\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to its ship with the others.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Quite a few thoughts collided in Arthur Dent\'92s mind at tis moment, but he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 didn\'92t seem to be able to stop running. Time seemed to be going terribly,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 terribly slowly, but still he didn\'92t seem to be able to stop running.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Moving as if through syrup, he slowly turned his troubled head and looked at\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 his own hand, the hand which was holding the small hard red ball.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His feet were pounding slowly onwards, unstoppably, as he stared at the ball\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 gripped in his helpless hand. It was emitting a deep red glow and flashing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 intermittently. And still his feet were pounding inexorably forward.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked at the Krikkit robot again standing implacably still and purpose-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fully in front of him, battleclub raised in readiness. Its eyes were burning with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a deep cold fascinating light, and Arthur could not move his own eyes from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them. He seemed to be looking down a tunnel at them - nothing on either side\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seemed to exist.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Some of the thoughts which were colliding in his mind at this time were these:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt a hell of a fool.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt that he should have listened rather more carefully to a number of things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he had heard said, phrases which now pounded round in his mind as his feet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pounded onwards to the point where he would inevitably release the ball to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Krikkit robot, who would inevitably strike it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He remembered Hactar saying, \'93Have I failed? Failure doesn\'92t bother me.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He remembered the account of Hactar\'92s dying words, \'93What\'92s done is done, I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 have fulfilled my function.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He remembered Hactar saying that he had managed to make \'93a few things.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He remembered the sudden movement in his hold-all that had made him grip\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it tightly to himself when he was in the Dust Cloud.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He remembered that he had travelled back in time a couple of days to come\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to Lord\'92s again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He also remembered that he wasn\'92t a very good bowler.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt his arm coming round, gripping tightly on to the ball which he now\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 knew for certain was the supernova bomb that Hactar had built himself and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 planted on him, the bomb which would cause the Universe to come to an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 abrupt and premature end.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hoped and prayed that there wasn\'92t an afterlife. Then he realized there was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn\'92t an afterlife.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He would feel very, very embarrassed meeting everybody.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hoped, he hoped, he hoped that his bowling was as bad as he remembered\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it to be, because that seemed to be the only thing now standing between this\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 moment and universal oblivion.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He felt his legs pounding, he felt his arm coming round, he felt his feet con-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 162\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 32.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 necting with the airline hold-all he\'92d stupidly left lying on the ground in front\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of him, he felt himself falling heavily forward but, having his mind so terribly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 full of other things at this moment, he completely forgot about hitting the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground and didn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Still holding the ball firmly in his right hand he soared up into the air whim-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pering with surprise.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He wheeled and whirled through the air, spinning out of control.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He twisted down towards the ground, flinging himself hectically through the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 air, at the same time hurling the bomb harmlessly off into the distance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hurtled towards the astounded robot from behind. It still had its multi-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 functional battleclub raised, but had suddenly been deprived of anything to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hit.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 With a sudden mad access of strength, he wrestled the battleclub from the grip\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the startled robot, executed a dazzling banking turn in the air, hurtled back\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down in a furious power-drive and with one crazy swing knocked the robot\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 head from the robot\'92s shoulders.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Are you coming now?\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Chapter 33\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Life, the Universe and Everything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And at the end they travelled again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a time when Arthur Dent would not. He said that the Bistromathic\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Drive had revealed to him that time and distance were one, that mind and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Universe were one, that perception and reality were one, and that the more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 one travelled the more one stayed in one place, and that what with one thing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and another he would rather just stay put for a while and sort it all out in his\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 mind, which was now at one with the Universe so it shouldn\'92t take too long,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and he could get a good rest afterwards, put in a little flying practice and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 learn to cook which he had always meant to do. The can of Greek olive oil was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now his most prized possession, and he said that the way it had unexpectedly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 turned up in his life had again given him a certain sense of the oneness of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 things which made him feel that ...\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He yawned and fell asleep.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the morning as they prepared to take him to some quiet and idyllic planet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 where they wouldn\'92t mind him talking like that they suddenly picked up a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 computer-driven distress call and diverted to investigate.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A small but apparently undamaged spacecraft of the Merida class seemed to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 be dancing a strange little jig through the void. A brief computer scan revealed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that the ship was fine, its computer was fine, but that its pilot was mad.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Half-mad, half-mad,\'94 the man insisted as they carried him, raving, aboard.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was a journalist with the Siderial Daily Mentioner. They sedated him and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sent Marvin in to keep him company until he promised to try and talk sense.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was covering a trial,\'94 he said at last, \'93on Argabuthon.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He pushed himself up on to his thin wasted shoulders, his eyes stared wildly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His white hair seemed to be waving at someone it knew in the next room.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Easy, easy,\'94 said Ford. Trillian put a soothing hand on his shoulder.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The man sank back down again and stared at the ceiling of the ship\'92s sick bay.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 163\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 164\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 33.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The case,\'94 he said, \'93is now immaterial, but there was a witness ... a witness\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ... a man called ... called Prak. A strange and difficult man. They were even-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tually forced to administer a drug to make him tell the truth, a truth drug.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His eyes rolled helplessly in his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They gave him too much,\'94 he said in a tiny whimper. \'93They gave him much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 too much.\'94 He started to cry. \'93I thing the robots must have jogged the sur-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 geon\'92s arm.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Robots?\'94 said Zaphocl sharply. \'93What robots?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Some white robots,\'94 whispered the man hoarsely, \'93broke into the courtroom\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and stole the judge\'92s sceptre, the Argabuthon Sceptre of Justice, nasty Per-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spex thing. I don\'92t know why they wanted it.\'94 He began to cry again. \'93And\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I think they jogged the surgeon\'92s arm ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He shook his head loosely from side to side, helplessly, sadly, his eyes screwed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 up in pain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And when the trial continued,\'94 he said in a weeping whisper, \'93they asked\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak a most unfortunate thing. They asked him,\'94 he paused and shivered, \'93to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tell the Truth, the Whole Truth and Nothing but the Truth. Only, don\'92t you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 see?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He suddenly hoisted himself up on to his elbows again and shouted at them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93They\'92d given him much too much of the drug!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He collapsed again, moaning quietly. \'93Much too much too much too much too\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The group gathered round his bedside glanced at each other, there were goose\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 pimples on backs.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What happened?\'94 said Zaphocl at last.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, he told it all right,\'94 said the man savagely, \'93for all I know he\'92s still telling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it now. Strange, terrible things ... terrible, terrible!\'94 he screamed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They tried to calm him, but he struggled to his elbows again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Terrible things, incomprehensible things,\'94 he shouted, \'93things that would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 drive a man mad!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He stared wildly at them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Or in my case,\'94 he said, \'93half-mad. I\'92m a journalist.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You mean,\'94 said Arthur quietly, \'93that you are used to confronting the truth?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No,\'94 said the man with a puzzled frown. \'93I mean that I made an excuse and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 left early.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He collapsed into a coma from which he recovered only once and briefly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 On that one occasion, they discovered from him the following:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When it became clear that Prak could not be stopped, that here was truth in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 its absolute and final form, the court was cleared.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Not only cleared, it was sealed up, with Prak still in it. Steel walls were\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 165\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 erected around it, and, just to be on the safe side, barbed wire, electric fences,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 crocodile swamps and three major armies were installed, so that no one would\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ever have to hear Prak speak.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93That\'92s a pity,\'94 said Arthur. \'93I\'92d like to hear what he had to say. Presumably\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he would know what the Ultimate Question to the Ultimate Answer is. It\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 always bothered me that we never found out.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Think of a number,\'94 said the computer, \'94 any number.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur told the computer the telephone number of King\'92s Cross railway sta-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion passenger inquiries, on the grounds that it must have some function, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 this might turn out to be it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The computer injected the number into the ship\'92s reconstituted Improbability\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Drive.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In Relativity, Matter tells Space how to curve, and Space tells Matter how to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 move.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The Heart of Gold told space to get knotted, and parked itself neatly within\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the inner steel perimeter of the Argabuthon Chamber of Law.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The courtroom was an austere place, a large dark chamber, clearly designed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for Justice rather than, for instance, for Pleasure. You wouldn\'92t hold a dinner\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 party here - at least, not a successful one. The decor would get your guests\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 down.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The ceilings were high, vaulted and very dark. Shadows lurked there with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 grim determination. The panelling for the walls and benches, the cladding of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the heavy pillars, all were carved from the darkest and most severe trees in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the fearsome Forest of Arglebarcl. The massive black Podium of Justice which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 dominated the centre of the chamber was a monster of gravity. If a sunbeam\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 had ever managed to slink this far into the Justice complex of Argabuthon it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 would have turned around and slunk straight back out again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur and Trillian were the first in, whilst Ford and Zaphod bravely kept a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 watch on their rear.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 At first it seemed totally dark and deserted, their footsteps echoed hollowly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 round the chamber. This seemed curious. All the defences were still in position\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and operative around the outside of the building, they had run scan checks.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Therefore, they had assumed, the truth-telling must still be going on.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 But there was nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Then, as their eyes became accustomed to the darkness, they spotted a dull\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 red glow in a corner, and behind the glow a live shadow. They swung a torch\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 round on to it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak was lounging on a bench, smoking a listless cigarette.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hi,\'94 he said, with a little half-wave. His voice echoed through the chamber.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He was a little man with scraggy hair. He sat with his shoulders hunched\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 166\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 33.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 forward and his head and knees kept jiggling. He took a drag of his cigarette.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They stared at him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What\'92s going on?\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Nothing,\'94 said the man and jiggled his shoulders.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur shone his torch full on Prak\'92s face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We thought,\'94 he said, \'93that you were meant to be telling the Truth, the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Whole Truth and Nothing but the Truth.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, that,\'94 said Prak. \'93Yeah. I was. I finished. There\'92s not nearly as much\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of it as people imagine. Some of it\'92s pretty funny, though.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He suddenly exploded in about three seconds of manical laughter and stopped\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 again, he sat there, jiggling his head and knees. He dragged on his cigarette\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with a strange half-smile.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Ford and Zaphod came forward out of the shadows.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Tell us about it,\'94 said Ford.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, I can\'92t remember any of it now,\'94 said Prak. \'93I thought of writing some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of it down, but first I couldn\'92t find a pencil, and then I thought, why bother?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a long silence, during which they thought they could feel the Uni-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 verse age a little. Prak stared into the torchlight.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93None of it?\'94 said Arthur at last. \'93You can remember none of it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No. Except most of the good bits were about frogs, I remember that.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Suddenly he was hooting with laughter again and stamping his feet on the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You would not believe some of the things about frogs,\'94 he gasped. \'93Come\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 on let\'92s go and find ourselves a frog. Boy, will I ever see them in a new light!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He leapt to his feet and did a tiny little dance. Then he stopped and took a\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 long drag at his cigarette.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Let\'92s find a frog I can laugh at,\'94 he said simply. \'93Anyway, who are you\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 guys?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We came to find you,\'94 said Trillian, deliberately not keeping the disappoint-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ment out of her voice. \'93My name is Trillian.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak jiggled his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Ford Prefect,\'94 said Ford Prefect with a shrug.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak jiggled his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And I,\'94 said Zaphod, when he judged that the silence was once again deep\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 enough to allow an announcement of such gravity to be tossed in lightly, \'93am\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Zaphod Beeblebrox.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak jiggled his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Who\'92s this guy?\'94 said Prak jiggling his shoulder at Arthur, who was standing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silent for a moment, lost in disappointed thoughts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Me?\'94 said Arthur. \'93Oh, my name\'92s Arthur Dent.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 167\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak\'92s eyes popped out of his head.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93No kidding?\'94 he yelped. \'93You are Arthur Dent? The Arthur Dent?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He staggered backwards, clutching his stomach and convulsed with fresh parox-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ysms o laughter.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Hey, just think of meeting you!\'94 he gasped. \'93Boy,\'94 he shouted, \'93you are the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 most ... wow, you just leave the frogs standing!\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 he howled and screamed with laughter. He fell over backwards on to the bench.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He hollered and yelled in hysterics. He cried with laughter, he kicked his legs in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the air, he beat his chest. Gradually he subsided, panting. He looked at them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked at Arthur. He fell back again howling with laughter. Eventually he\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 fell asleep.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur stood there with his lips twitching whilst the others carried Prak co-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 matose on to the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Before we picked up Prak,\'94 said Arthur, \'93I was going to leave. I still want\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to, and I think I should do so as soon as possible.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The others nodded in silence, a silence which was only slightly undermined\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 by the heavily muffled and distant sound of hysterical laughter which came\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 drifting from Prak\'92s cabin at the farthest end of the ship.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We have questioned him,\'94 continued Arthur, \'93or at least, you have questioned\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 him - I, as you know, can\'92t go near him - on everything, and he doesn\'92t really\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 seem to have anything to contribute. Just the occasional snippet, and things\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 I don\'92t want to hear about frogs.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The others tried not to smirk.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now, I am the first to appreciate a joke,\'94 said Arthur and then had to wait\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 for the others to stop laughing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I am the first ...\'94 he stopped again. This time he stopped and listened to the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 silence. There actually was silence this time, and it had come very suddenly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak was quiet. For days they had lived with constant manical laughter ring-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ing round the ship, only occasionally relieved by short periods of light giggling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and sleep. Arthur\'92s very soul was clenched with paranoia.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This was not the silence of sleep. A buzzer sounded. A glance at a board told\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 them that the buzzer had been sounded by Prak.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He\'92s not well,\'94 said Trillian quietly. \'93The constant laughing is completely\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wrecking his body.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur\'92s lips twitched but he said nothing.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93We\'92d better go and see him,\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Trillian came out of the cabin wearing her serious face.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He wants you to go in,\'94 she said to Arthur, who was wearing his glum and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tight-lipped one. He thrust his hands deep into his dressing-gown pockets and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tried to think of something to say which wouldn\'92t sound petty. It seemed ter-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 168\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 33.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ribly unfair, but he couldn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Please,\'94 said Trillian.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He shrugged and went in, taking his glum and tight-lipped face with him, de-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 spite the reaction this always provoked from Prak.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked down at his tormentor, who was lying quietly on the bed, ashen and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 wasted. His breathing was very shallow. Ford and Zaphod were standing by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the bed looking awkward.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93You wanted to ask me something,\'94 said Prak in a thin voice and coughed\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 slightly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Just the cough made Arthur stiffen, but it passed and subsided.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93How do you know that?\'94 he asked.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak shrugged weakly. \'92\'93Cos it\'92s true,\'94 he said simply.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur took the point.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Yes,\'94 he said at last in rather a strained drawl. \'93I did have a question. Or\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 rather, what I actually have is an Answer. I wanted to know what the Ques-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tion was.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak nodded sympathetically, and Arthur relaxed a little.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It\'92s ... well, it\'92s a long story,\'94 he said, \'93but the Question I would like to know\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe and Everything. All we know is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that the Answer is Forty-Two, which is a little aggravating.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak nodded again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Forty-Two,\'94 he said. \'93Yes, that\'92s right.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused. Shadows of thought and memory crossed his face like the shadows\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of clouds crossing the land.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92m afraid,\'94 he said at last, \'93that the Question and the Answer are mutually\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 exclusive. Knowledge of one logically precludes knowledge of the other. It is\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 impossible that both can ever be known about the same universe.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He paused again. Disappointment crept into Arthur\'92s face and snuggled down\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 into its accustomed place.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Except,\'94 said Prak, struggling to sort a thought out, \'93if it happened, it seems\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that the Question and the Answer would just cancel each other out and take\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Universe with them, which would then be replaced by something even more\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 bizarrely inexplicable. It is possible that this has already happened,\'94 he added\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 with a weak smile, \'93but there is a certain amount of Uncertainty about it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A little giggle brushed through him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur sat down on a stool.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh well,\'94 he said with resignation, \'93I was just hoping there would be some\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 sort of reason.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Do you know,\'94 said Prak, \'93the story of the Reason?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Arthur said that he didn\'92t, and Prak said that he knew that he didn\'92t.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 169\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He told it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One night, he said, a spaceship appeared in the sky of a planet which had\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 never seen one before. The planet was Dalforsas, the ship was this one. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 appeared as a brilliant new star moving silently across the heavens.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Primitive tribesmen who were sitting huddled on the Cold Hillsides looked up\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from their steaming night-drinks and pointed with trembling fingers, swearing\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that they had seen a sign, a sign from their gods which meant that they must\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now arise at last and go and slay the evil Princes of the Plains.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the high turrets of their palaces, the Princes of the Plains looked up and saw\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the shining star, and received it unmistakably as a sign from their gods that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they must now go and set about the accursed Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And between them, the Dwellers in the Forest looked up into the sky and saw\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the sigh of the new star, and saw it with fear and apprehension, for though\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 they had never seen anything like it before, they too knew precisely what it\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 foreshadowed, and they bowed their heads in despair.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They knew that when the rains came, it was a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When the rains departed, it was a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When the winds rose, it was a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When the winds fell, it was a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When in the land there was born at midnight of a full moon a goat with three\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heads, that was a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 When in the land there was born at some time in the afternoon a perfectly\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 normal cat or pig with no birth complications at all, or even just a child with\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 a retrousse nose, that too would often be taken as a sign.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 So there was no doubt at all that a new star in the sky was a sign of a partic-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ularly spectacular order.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And each new sign signified the same thing - that the Princes of the Plains\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and the Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides were about to beat the hell out of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 each other again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 This in itself wouldn\'92t be so bad, except that the Princes of the Plains and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides always elected to beat the hell out of each\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 other in the Forest, and it was always the Dwellers in the Forest who came off\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 worst in these exchanges, though as far as they could see it never had anything\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to do with them.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And sometimes, after some of the worst of these outrages, the Dwellers in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Forest would send a messenger to either the leader of the Princes of the Plains\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 or the leader of the Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides and demand to know the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 reason for this intolerable behaviour.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And the leader, whichever one it was, would take the messenger aside and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 explain the Reason to him, slowly and carefully and with great attention to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 170\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 33.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the considerable detail involved.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And the terrible thing was, it was a very good one. It was very clear, very ra-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 tional, and tough. The messenger would hang his head and feel sad and foolish\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 that he had not realized what a tough and complex place the real world was,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and what difficulties and paradoxes had to be embraced if one was to live in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Now do you understand?\'94 the leader would say.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 The messenger would nod dumbly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And you see these battles have to take place?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Another dumb nod.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93And why they have to take place in the forest, and why it is in everybody\'92s\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 best interest, the Forest Dwellers included, that they should?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93In the long run.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Er, yes.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And the messenger did understand the Reason, and he returned to his people\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in the Forest. But as he approached them, as he walked through the Forest\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and amongst the trees, he found that all he could remember of the Reason was\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 how terribly clear the argument had seemed. What it actually was he couldn\'92t\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 remember at all.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 And this, of course, was a great comfort when next the Tribesmen and the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Princes came hacking and burning their way through the Forest, killing every\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Forest Dweller in their way.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Prak paused in his story and coughed pathetically.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I was the messenger,\'94 he said, \'93after the battles precipitated by the appear-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ance of your ship, which were particularly savage. Many of our people died. I\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 thought I could bring the Reason back. I went and was told it by the leader\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of the Princes, but on the way back it slipped and melted away in my mind\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 like snow in the sun. That was many years ago, and much has happened since\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 then.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He looked up at Arthur and giggled again very gently.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93There is one other thing I can remember from the truth drug. Apart from\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the frogs, and that is God\'92s last message to his creation. Would you like to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 hear it?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For a moment they didn\'92t know whether to take him seriously.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'92\'93Strue,\'94 he said. \'93For real. I mean it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 His chest heaved weakly and he struggled for breath. His head lolled slightly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I wasn\'92t very impressed with it when I first knew what it was,\'94 he said, \'93but\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 now I think back to how impressed I was by the Prince\'92s Reason, and how soon\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 afterwards I couldn\'92t recall it at all, I think it might be a lot more helpful.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 171\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Would you like to know what it is? Would you?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They nodded dumbly.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I bet you would. If you\'92re that interested I suggest you go and look for it. It\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 is written in thirty-foot-high letters of fire on top of the Quentulus Quazgar\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet Preliumtarn, third out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 from the sun Zarss in Galactic Sector QQ7 Active J Gamma. It is guarded by\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Lajestic Vantrashell of Lob.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 There was a long silence following this announcement, which was finally bro-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ken by Arthur.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sorry, it\'92s where?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93It is written,\'94 repeated Prak, \'93in thirty-foot-high letters of fire on top of\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 Preliumtarn, third out from the ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sorry,\'94 said Arthur again, \'93which mountains?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93The Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry on the planet\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Which land was that? I didn\'92t quite catch it.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sevorbeupstry, on the planet ...\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Sevorbe-what?\'94\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Oh, for heaven\'92s sake,\'94 said Prak and died testily.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 In the following days Arthur thought a little about this message, but in the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 end he decided that he was not going to allow himself to be drawn by it, and\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 insisted on following his original plan of finding a nice little world somewhere\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to settle down and lead a quiet retired life. Having saved the Universe twice\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 in one day he thought that he could take things a little easier from now on.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 They dropped him off on the planet Krikkit, which was now once again an\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 idyllic pastoral world, even if the songs did occasionally get on his nerves.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He spent a lot of time flying.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 He learnt to communicate with birds and discovered that their conversation\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 was fantastically boring. It was all to do with wind speed, wing spans, power-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 to-weight ratios and a fair bit about berries. Unfortunately, he discovered,\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 once you have learnt birdspeak you quickly come to realize that the air is full\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 of it the whole time, just inane bird chatter. There is no getting away from it.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 For that reason Arthur eventually gave up the sport and learnt to live on the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 ground and love it, despite a lot of the inane chatter he heard down there as\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 One day, he was walking through the fields humming a ravishing tune he\'92d\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 heard recently when a silver spaceship descended from the sky and landed in\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 front of him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 A hatchway opened, a ramp extended, and a tall grey-green alien marched out\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 172\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 CHAPTER 33.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 and approached him.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Arthur Phili ...\'94 it said, then glanced sharply at him and down at his clip-\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 board. He frowned. He looked up at him again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93I\'92ve done you before haven\'92t I?\'94 he said.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
}